Make your self at home in this charming one-bedroom apartment, centrally-located on the west side of Queen Anne hill.   This elegantly-decorated, completely private apartment (bottom unit of a duplex) has an open floor plan, bamboo floors, a fully equipped kitchen, a TV,  DVD player, basic cable, and a very cozy bedroom with a queen-size bed. The unit sleeps up to four (two in the bedroom and two on the very comfortable fold out couch, linens included) and includes free WiFi and laundry. The apartment opens onto a private deck, complete with it's own BBQ, overlooking a garden and a forest of black bamboo.    The Apartment is perfectly-located just one block from the bus lines where you can catch a bus and be downtown Seattle in fifteen minutes or historic Ballard in ten or a quick five-minute walk will bring you to Whole Foods and Peet's Coffee or take a fifteen minute walk to the top of Queen Anne Hill where you will find a variety of eclectic shops, bars, and restaurants. There is noChemically sensitive? We've removed the irritants triggering allergy or asthma attacks, like carpeting, forced air & used pillows, all culprits that harbor fungus, mold & bacteria.  No smoking, no pets.  Designed for healthy living, so breathe easy. Beautiful, hypoallergenic apartment in an extremely safe, quiet and pedestrian-friendly section of Queen Anne.  A leafy-green location that puts the best of Seattle at your doorstep. Free WiFi, free parking, ...even free pillows!  What's special about this place? Hypo-allergenic bedding, mattresses/covers and new pillows with each rental. (So feel free to take your new pillows with you!)  A beautiful restoration mixing period details & modern sensibilities: Hardwood floors throughout, white subway tile, low/no VOCs & non-toxic paints keep this home-away-from-home clean, smart and healthy. Radiant heat and oil radiators mean no blowing hot air or dust.  Great Amenities: Free WiFi & internet TV (LED flatscreen). Fully-equipped kitchen with stNew modern house built in 2013.  Spectacular sunset/water views and light, rooftop deck and lounge area, hot tub, 5 bedrooms, gourmet kitchen.  Perfect for 2-3 families, walk to downtown.  Located in highly desirable Queen Anne neighborhood. Our house is modern, light and fresh with a warm simple palette accented with barnwood, steel and concrete.  Open living spaces for entertaining, gourmet kitchen, deck off the kitchen, reading nook, half bath and smaller tv room off kitchen.  Fireplace with sofa and sitting area. Basement room is great for kids...this room has patio access and a garage door that opens into the space with basketball hoop right outside.  A queen bedroom and full bath are in the basement with concrete heated floors.  A queen sleeper sofa is in the tv area in the basement.  This room has a door if privacy is needed.  Great for a second family with kids.  The 2nd floor has 4 bedrooms (one queen in master, one twin bedroom, another bedroom has twin bunk beds and the lastA charming apartment that sits atop Queen Anne hill, northwest facing bay windows with warm afternoon light setting over the Olympic Cascades. The space is perfect for one or two but can accommodate up to three on the fold-out memory foam cot.Cozy family craftman house in beautiful neighborhood of Queen Anne, Seattle, Washinton. 3 bedrooms, can accomodate up to 6 people. 1,200 sq. feet space is your oasis. Perfect location! Cozy family craftman house in beautiful neighborhood of Queen Anne, Seattle, Washinton. 3 bedrooms, can accomodate up to 6 people. 1,200 sq. feet space is your oasis. Perfect location, walking distance to Whole Foods Market, a 7 minute drive from the Seattle Center (Space Needle, chihuly garden and glass, Children's Museum, Key Arena)! Across the street from golf course- 2 min walk! Relax, sun bath and watch the ferry boats go by on the large outdoor deck with a view of Elliot Bay!   Internet, cable TV with HBO, 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms each equipped with a bed for 2 (King, Queen, Queen). Washer and dryer in the unit. Fully stocked kitchen with high end All-Clad cookware. For your peace of mind, we have provided a first aid kit and an emergency kit equipped with water and food. We are always available We're renting out a small private unit of one of Seattle's most beautiful houses to creative travelers.  The unit has it's own entrance to give you privacy in a cozy room with a new bed, great view/light, antiques and a newly remodeled bathroom. If you include a bit of your background in your housing request, you'll get a better chance to have it accepted.  If you're an artist or musician wanting some more space to create, let me know. As far as the physical space, the room and bathroom are separate from the rest of the house so you'll have as much privacy as you wish.  It doesn't have a TV but hopefully, you'll find more interesting things in Seattle to take your time. You'll get a passcode for the garage through which you get private and exclusive access to your unit. I work mostly from home and happy to give advice on ways to enjoy Seattle and it's surrounding areas.  If you let me know your schedule, I could see if we have overlap. This part of Queen Anne has wonderful views and quEnjoy a quiet stay in our comfortable 1915 Craftsman bungalow in the West Queen Anne neighborhood. Street parking (free near entry), coffee, bakeries and neighborhood cafes nearby.  Close to Upper QA shopping district, Seattle Center and bus stops. Enjoy a quiet stay in our comfortable 1915 Craftsman bungalow in the West Queen Anne neighborhood. Street parking (free near entry), coffee, bakeries and neighborhood cafes nearby.  Close to Upper QA shopping district, Seattle Center and bus stops. Come and go as you wish through a separate entry with large foyer and covered exterior porch.  Parking on 10th Avenue West adjacent to entry is convenient and free. The room and bath are isolated from the rest of the house for your peace and privacy. The bedroom has a memory foam top double bed with comforter, pillows, large closet, dresser and desk /task light.   The bathroom has a pedestal sink and foot claw foot tub/shower. The large 5' tub is perfect for soaking your cares away.  We provide beOur tiny cabin is private , very quiet and comfortable spot just for two. The bus is just across the street. Queen Anne ,Ballard and Downtown are a short bus ride. High Speed WI-FI. The bathroom is shared by our guests .  This cabin was built with Airbnb in mind, Queen bed with gel foam topper 110 heat with thermostat . Cherry hardwood floors . Oak bed frame and night stand . This cabin is very well insulated and is warm and quiet . The bathroom and shower is located in our house just a few steps away. There is plenty of street parking all around us. Bus line just a half block away. Just a ten minute bus ride to Pike Place Market. Private large back yard we have chickens that live there too. In the spring and summer the garden is a sight to see. If you want a private stay in a nice space this is it. Food within walking distance ,sculpture park is pretty close as well.  -What you get-  your own private space! use of a shared bathroom (for our guests) we have our own.  our back yard and Nestled in the heart of the city, this space is turn of the century charm meets urban living; with gorgeous city views, nightlife, shopping, and restaurants within blocks.  Walking Score: 92 Located in the heart of the city, this space is turn of the century meets urban living, with off-street privacy and a yard. Full Apartment Garden area, patio and yard Laundry room I'm available as much or as little as you wish for the duration of your stay.  I'm happy to give you recommendations and insider tips on this great city! Walking Score: 92 4 blocks from Kerry Park Famous Seattle restaurants within 1 block The hill became a popular spot for the city's early economic and cultural elite to build their mansions, and the name derives from the architectural style typical of many of the early homes. According to Wikipedia, Queen Anne's demographic is power-singles, young unmarried professionals. It boasts a bustling main street with restaurants, bars, shopping, coffee shops, farmers market, TradBeautiful apartment in an extremely safe, quiet and pedestrian-friendly section of Queen Anne.  A leafy-green location that puts the best of Seattle at your doorstep. Free WiFi, free parking, ...even free pillows!*  What's special about this place? A beautiful restoration mixing period details & modern sensibilities: Hardwood floors throughout, white subway tile, low/no VOCs & non-toxic paints keep this home-away-from-home clean, smart and healthy. Radiant heat and oil radiators mean no blowing hot air or dust.  Hypo-allergenic bedding, mattresses/covers and new pillows with each rental. (That's right, they're yours to keep, so feel free to take your new pillows with you.  More on this, below...)  Great Amenities: Free WiFi & internet TV (LED flatscreen). Fully-equipped kitchen with stainless-steel appliances, sink & disposal. Large washer & dryer.  Iron/ironing board. Hairdryer. Plenty of storage. Convenient parking, both on- and off-street. The Best Location: Enjoy Seattle's celebratQueen Anne Hill is a charming neighborhood with historic old homes, located just up the hill from The Seattle Center: close enough to be convenient to everything, yet just far enough away from the traffic, hubbub and commotion of downtown! Be close to everything!  Queen Anne Hill is a charming neighborhood with historic old homes, located just up the hill from The Seattle Center: close enough to be convenient to everything, yet just far enough away from the traffic, hubbub and commotion of downtown! Your basement apartment in our home on Queen Anne Hill is just minutes from The Seattle Center (The Space needle, Pacific Science Center, IMAX Theater, Experience Music Project, International Fountain, Seattle Repertory Theater, Pacific Northwest Ballet, Seattle Children's Theater, and the Gates Foundation complex next door.) Eileen walked home from work every evening right past the Seattle Center. Plus, Seattle Pacific University is on the other end of The Hill.  Your private basement aparBeautifully furnished, cozy 1 bedroom mid century modern Craftsman house in Upper Queen Anne. 850 sqft - queen sz bed, large closet, huge dining table, comfy living room, bathtub, fully furnished kitchen, outdoor patio. VERY walkable neighborhood! Beautiful home in an extremely walkable neighborhood with restaurants, coffee shops, bars, stores. Just blocks away from bus stops. Convenient to downtown, Seattle Center, the Space Needle, Ballard, Fremont. I will likely not be present during your stay, but will have a friend or family member available in my absence. I am located in the Upper Queen Anne neighborhood - Seattle's oldest and most historic neighborhood! Yes, bus stops just 2-3 blocks away.Spacious apt in popular Seattle neighborhood.  1 block to bus and easy access by car to groceries, gas, freeway, stadiums, cruise ships.  Well stocked, quiet and restful space for your vacation; sorry, no accommodations for parties. This apartment is in a quiet and friendly city neighborhood; and central to so many places by car or transit.   Easily sleeps 1 - 4 persons comfortably and has a spacious feeling throughout the entire apartment.  Enter your apartment through an entry hallway for additional feeling of security.   We're in a great location being 10 minutes away from Ballard, Magnolia and downtown Seattle.  The kitchen has a gas stove, convection oven and enough tools to handle any kind of cooking.   We've also stocked the kitchen with some basic staples like oil, balsamic vinegar & spices which will simplify your grocery shopping for your stay here in Seattle.   Guests will have one designated spot for parking in front of the house if you have a car.  Access to washer/dryer oEnjoy our amazing, updated & modern design cottage, located blocks from many of Seattle's best sites! The house is surrounded by million $ homes w/ easy access to downtown. Located on Queen Anne Hill, one of Seattle's most sought-after neighborhoods. Originally built in 1906, our house has a light-filled living room & dining area with vaulted ceilings & Sound/Mountain view.  We hope you'll enjoy the chef kitchen with gas range, stainless steel appliances, Richlight counters, maple cabinets & tile backsplash.  The bathroom has a 6 Ft. soaking tub, double sinks & floor to ceiling tile.  There are hardwood floors throughout the living space. The home has two bedrooms, with queen sized beds in each, as well as one roll away bed. Our house is situated in a quaint, historic corner of Queen Anne, and is accessed by a flight of 16 easy steps from the street.  Make yourself at home on the front deck and main floor of the home. Andrew and Camille will be the primary contact and are only minutes Stunning Designsponge featured 6 bed, 3.75 bath, 4,000 sq ft home in the city's BEST location w/ free parking for about the same price as a decent hotel in Seattle. Walk to all of Queen Anne, or drive 5 min to downtown- this is where you want to be! Gorgeous, LIGHT FILLED, Newly Constructed Modern Farmhouse in THE BEST Location! 4 level home features 4,000 sq ft of living space with 6 bedrooms / 3.75 baths and up to 15 separate beds  The first level of the main home features an open living area with formal living room, dining room, family room, spacious kitchen, half bath, coat closet, and large open hall with bench seating and cubbies for storage. The family room has a comfy pull out sofa bed (full size bed) The kitchen has an oversized farmhouse style sink, 6 burner Bertazonni range, integrated 36" Liebherr fridge / freezer, dishwasher, coffeemaker, microwave, and convection oven. The second level boasts 3 large bedrooms, the master has a queen bed and we can add in a pack and play fThis home is full of light, art and comfort. 5 mins to Downtown, 1 min to coffee. The Space This is a 1000 square foot, two bedroom, one bathroom house. This home has a large kitchen and two very large indoor eating spaces. The open plan kitchen and living room have two sets of French doors opening to west facing decks with additional seating and lots of room to play. The two bedrooms are very comfy with new carpet and separately controlled heating. Take advantage of our kitchen for meals, or venture out and sample Seattle's restaurants during your stay here! Start the morning off right with some coffee on the deck. Or head out to Tenth West, Storyville Coffee Company, or Caffe Fiore. Then enjoy a nice, leisurely breakfast at The Seattle Grind, Macrina Bakery & Café, or Bustle. All are popular stops near our house.  Head out for some fresh morning air – go for a nice walk at Kerry Park, Parsons Gardens, or Discovery Park.  Try Bounty Kitchen, Le Reve Bakery & Café, or 5 Spot for lunch.Master bedroom suite with 1/4 bath & kitchenette hidden within lovely Kinnear Park. Mere blocks from Key Arena & Space Needle. Short ride to Pike Place, stadiums, & convention center. Enjoy the quiet, or a quick walk to tons of bars, restaurants, & shops! **PLEASE MAKE SURE TO READ ALL INFO BEFORE BOOKING!** If you need info on anything not mentioned in the listing, just ask! Pricing varies daily based on demand, but the calendar is always up to date. Simply enter your travel dates into the calendar to check pricing and availability. The guest room is fairly large, very private, and has lots of personality! It's approx 250 sq ft, completely separate from the rest of the apartment, and includes a full size bed, kitchenette, vanity area with sink, and two closets that are exclusively for your use - my guests enjoy complete privacy! You'll have pretty much everything you need: hangers, shelves, organizers, extra sheets/towels, first aid kit, umbrella, hairdryer, and iron/ironing board. ThBeautiful private entrance garden suite overlooking Elliot Bay. Off street covered parking available, convenient to public transportation.  Close to Seattle Center, SPU, Whole Foods, Pikes Mkt. Complimentary meal at local cafe/bar - The Sitting Room. French Country style home built in 1939 with spectacular view of Elliot Bay, latest remodel in 2015.  The private room and bath is located on the garden level with separate entrance on the west side.   Room includes full size bed, seating area, mini-fridge and wireless internet.  Large bathroom with shower, pedestal sink, and heated floor.  Bedding and towels provided. On-site, off-street, covered parking available.   Reservation includes a complimentary meal at The Sitting Room, a local neighborhood bistro owned by hosts. No smoking (indoors). Private entrance to space has keypad on door.  Access is to private room/space only.  Guests may park in covered car port and have access to front yard.  We will be available to welcome you, answer The second room in our spacious 2BR / 2 Bath apartment functions as both our office and a second bedroom for family, guests, and visitors!   All the comforts of home, minutes from downtown Seattle, yet you feel like you're in the suburbs!This  home built in 1909.  It has 5 bedrooms and 3.5 baths.  Perfect for family groups.  All modern conveniences.  It is only one block from the main street filled with restaurants, coffee shops and 4 BLOCKS TO KERRY PARK'S FAMOUS FIREWORKS DISPLAY. This home encompasses the character that is so sought after on Queen Anne.  It is a large Craftsman with a beautiful and private garden.  The front porch, gourmet kitchen, master suite, basement tv/game room and even the back yard provide plenty of spaces to relax and enjoy for a large group, especially with kids.    It has 4 bedrooms upstairs, one king and one queen bed, two full beds and 2 full baths.  The basement also has a queen bedroom and newly done bath/shower.  The location is unique because it is one block to all that Queen Anne has to offer and across the street from a park with baseball/soccer fields and a large playground.  It is one block to the community center and indoor pool. Full access with wifi and cable.  Parking in bacThis clean and comfortable one bedroom sits right across from Kinnear Park in Seattle's lower Queen Anne neighborhood. Walk to Seattle Center, the SAM Sculpture Park, or just sit on the deck and enjoy the view of Puget Sound and downtown Seattle. Kitchen has hot water tap and sodastream Excellent water pressure Original art throughout the house Dogs under 30 lbs welcome Roof deck Lower Queen Anne is near the Seattle Center (space needle, EMP museum, Glass museum, Science Center and Children's museum). It's also near SAM sculpture park, stores, restaurants, SIFF theater and more.Relax in your own private finished basement space in a 1925 Craftsman in Upper Queen Anne, one of Seattle's most historic and lively neighborhoods.  Just 2 blocks from many trendy restaurants, yoga, shopping, etc.  Just a 15 minute bus ride to  Downtown, Fremont and Amazon / S. Lake Union by bus. Updated daylight basement space with queen and single sleeping nooks. Your privacy is paramount here with your own entrance and key. The space offers plenty of room to unwind and relax and read or enjoy Direct TV and Bose receiver. Shower/bathroom is located upstairs from this space. Bath, shower is located on the top floor of our home. There is a bathroom one level above the guest space, right off the kitchen area. Quiet space in outside patio area.  Private entrance with key provided. Access to main fridge and fresh ground coffee / tea / French press in the morning. We're always delighted to meet our guests, but re also respect your privacy! Just a few minutes walk to many great restaurants,Welcome to Seattle! Enjoy your stay in a  turn-of-the-century Queen Anne home. Lovely setting in the heart of the city. Cosy up with a cup of coffee in the window seat or enjoy all of the fabulous Seattle restaurants, cafes and shops 1 block away. Centrally located spacious home in the heart of the city- 1 block away from world class restaurants, cafes and shops.  The house is across the street from a soccer field and park making it a perfect location for kids. Start your morning with an El Diablo cafe and then explore Seattle. It's an easy bus ride (or walk- 1/2 mile) to Seattle Center, Pike Place Market and all that downtown Seattle has to offer. Close to Green Lake, the University District and Capital Hill. -Easy access to restaurants, cafes, shopping and grocery stores. -across the street from a soccer field and park -3 blocks to bus stop -1/2 mile to downtown Seattle, Seattle Center, Opera House, Benaroya Hall -Close to Green Lake, the University District, Capitol Hill Easy email,Greetings!  Our home is a beautiful, 1920's 4 bedroom craftsman in the iconic Seattle neighborhood of Queen Anne, featuring spectacular views of Elliot Bay and the Olympics. Amenities include washer/dryer, full living room, private entry & bathroom! The space we are renting is the entire lower level of our home, featuring a private bedroom, bathroom, living room and personal entry off the back patio. The cozy room features a comfortable full bed, spacious closet and exposed brickwork. The bathroom has a shower and sink, and the living room is a great place to hang out and relax. The lower level/basement is entirely yours. We provide a guest key, which will let you into your private entry off the back patio. Alex and I work opposite schedules, him during the day and some evenings, myself evenings only. So chances are someone will always be available to help settle you in! We love talking to people and making new friends, but we do ask that you respect early bedtimes and our privacy on tEnjoy Seattle from the ideally located Queen Anne Hill.  Enjoy the quaintness and charm of Queen Anne while having easy access to all around the area. L Step into the main living space with sitting areas, kitchen and lovely outdoor space.  The Master bedroom and bath are on the top level with the lower level housing two small bedrooms and a shared bathroom and shower.  One room has a double bed and the other has a twin trundle.  The location is close to Queen Anne Avenue with easy access to Downtown Seattle, I-5 and 99.  Minutes from Seattle Center, Space Needle, Pike Place Market, Seattle Waterfront, Elliott Bay, Ballard, Lake Union, Green Lake, Century Link Field, etc. I will be available to answer questions by phone or text while you enjoy your stay in Seattle. 10th Avenue West is on the bus line taking you downtown Seattle. There is plenty of street parking and one designated parking space in front of the house.Our home is very light and full of character and charm.  Great gourmet kitchen and large living room with sunset views of the water.  3 bedrooms, 2.25 bath, large private garden with fountain and plenty of parking.  Located 5 minutes from downtown. Our home is a brick tudor/cottage built in 1937.  Original beveled glass windows, beautiful hardwoods and sunset water views.  Located in the desirable Queen Anne neighborhood just a few blocks from coffee shops, restaurants, grocery. This is a enchanted, open, light house with a wonderful garden, fountain, play space, large living spaces and views of the sound.  Great for 2 families with kids.  The living room is very large with views of the water, fireplace and a great space to socialize.  Large dining room with table for 6 or when extended 10 people.  There is also a library on the main floor with large couch and views of the water.  The 3 bedrooms can accommodate 8 people with 1 queen, 1 full bed and 2 twin beds.  The master also has a dOur cozy little bungalow is the perfect place to relax and call home during your trip to the Emerald City!  2 comfortable bedrooms, 1 bath, endless charm--located at the top of Queen Anne.  Family friendly! One bedroom has a queen sized bed, and the other has bunk beds with a full size on the bottom, and twin on top.  The living room futon also makes a comfortable double bed, if you need more space to stretch out. The Queen Anne neighborhood is one of the most coveted areas in Seattle.  It is very safe and the residential streets are quiet, but Queen Anne Avenue is an easy walk or drive away, and bustling with activity, great restaurants, and shopping.  Seattle Center is right at the bottom of "The Hill," and you can be in the middle of downtown Seattle in a few short minutes. There are several bus lines within a few blocks, and there is a bus stop one block away that runs straight into downtown.  The neighborhood is also very walkable. There are several bus routes a few short steps awMicro camper with queen size bed and seating for two ! (well 70 x 60 ) This camper is small if your over six feet tall this is not the camper for you . Claustrophobic keep looking ! but if you are into seeing how small you can go this is PERFECT  The Spruce Kaboose is a hand built one of a kind tiny bedroom on wheels. If you are tall (6 foot or over) this is not the rental for you. However, for the smaller in stature this place is golden. The bed measures 70''L x 60''w. Plenty of storage underneath for your suitcases, light, power, heater, fan.  high speed WI-FI. You will have your private trailer in our backyard and access to the yard and SHARED bathroom GATE IS ON THE EAST SIDE OF THE HOUSE TO GAIN ACCESS TO OUR BACK YARD. We will leave you alone unless you want to talk or need anything.  Interbay is right between downtown Seattle and Ballard. We are just two blocks from a Whole Foods and on the D bus line.  We are on the D bus line.  If you are busing from the airport DO NOT take thThis three bedroom flat is your gorgeous retreat in Seattle. It is located on Queen Anne, a neighborhood that is known as the “best neighborhood to live in." You will lack nothing in this fully equipped  home, ideal for long stays. You won't want to leave your home away from home as this property boasts 180 degree views, and has all the amenities you need for an exceptional stay.  Queen Anne is the best of both worlds, set just 5 minutes from downtown, yet in a beautiful walking neighborhood with everything you need from groceries and restaurants to boutiques and services. This 1,800 sq ft apartment is only 1 of 3 units in a mid-century modern building. Appointed with beautiful furnishings along with a terrace where you can enjoy the view of ferry boats crossing all day and amazing sunsets. Open living, dining and office space, which also boasts a beautiful wood burning fireplace. Fully stocked kitchen that any Chef would be happy in, with All-Clad cookware and everything you need for Designer home situated on Queen Anne Hill overlooking Magnolia.  Enjoy custom furnishings, gourmet kitchen, spa bathroom, and a cozy bedroom.  Easy access to downtown Seattle, Ballard and Fremont.  Whole Foods is just a walk away.  *all building construction is finished. During the summer, there was construction on the building but they are finished now.  The building has been completely updated on the outside and my unit is completely remodeled too. Guest have access to the all the kitchen items and laundry area.  All the drawers and closet in the bedroom are off limits. This is a really quiet neighborhood with plenty of free street parking.  Great walking neighborhood with parks close by and great stair climbs. There is a very convenient bus line a block away that will take you anywhere in the city.  In the neighborhood, there is plenty of free street parking. My neighbors are really quiet and the condo doesn't share any walls with other units.  The bedroom has blackout curtains, so Enjoy your own 1 BR cottage atop Queen Anne hill! Just renovated, this little home is airy and bright, with its own studio/work space/garage below for long-term guests. Beautiful carriage house in an extremely safe, quiet and pedestrian-friendly section of Queen Anne.  A leafy-green location that puts the best of Seattle at your doorstep. Free WiFi, free parking, ...even free pillows!*  What's special about this place? A beautiful restoration mixing period details  modern sensibilities: Hardwood floors throughout, white subway tile, low/no VOCs  non-toxic paints keep this home-away-from-home clean, smart and healthy. Radiant heat and oil radiators mean no blowing hot air or dust.  Hypo-allergenic bedding, mattresses/covers and new pillows with each rental. (So feel free to take your new pillows with you!)  Great Amenities: Free WiFi & internet TV. LED 39" flatscreen TV. Fully-equipped kitchen with stainless-steel appliances, sink & disposal. Large washer & dryer.  Iron/ironing board. HCharming, clean, picturesque home in perfect location for exploring Seattle (1.5 miles to downtown).   This three bedroom dutch colonial is located in the center of historic Queen Anne, near everything.  Seattle Center, pike market, and lake union Charming, clean, picturesque home in perfect location for exploring Seattle (1.5 miles to downtown).   This three bedroom dutch colonial is located in the center of historic Queen Anne, near everything.  The house comes with full amenities (cable, dishwasher, internet, laundry, etc.), and accommodates 6 comfortably.   The house is kid-friendly and owners can provide baby "amenities" for guests if needed. Groceries can also be provided as a service (contact owner for details). The house is tucked back from a lovely and quiet street, with a welcoming garden in front, and a private fenced-in backyard with alley access.   Upper Queen Anne as a neighborhood is quiet despite being in the heart of Seattle, and there is plenty of free parking.   With2 stories private home, open concept living room, floor 2 ceiling windows view Puget Sound & Olympic Mountains. Gourmet kitchen, formal dining room, 2 BR, 3 full bath inc bear claw tub, walk to cafes, restaurants. Private sanctuary steps down hill. My home is 3 stories professionally decorated and as you walk in you feel the warmth of the original fir floors. Main floor is open concept living room with large flat screen tv, floor to ceiling windows, gourmet kitchen, Tuscan feeling informal dining room, formal dining room with cherry furniture, as well as a family room/reading room with best views in the house, along with a full bath including bear claw tub. The flow of this first floor is open, airy, sunny, private. Both the kitchen and front door of the home open to two large outdoor living spaces for that indoor/outdoor feel. Outside you are surrounded by the abundant trees, flowers and green that is typical of the Pacific Northwest. Pick anything you want from the garden.  1ST FLOORBeautiful Water View, Minutes to Pier, Space Needle, Downtown, Family Friendly. This 1,920 sq ft 4 bedrooms, 3.5 baths with formal living & dining room plus a bonus room will offer you breathtaking water views of Puget Sound and a private backyard. ONLY vacation rental available in a desirable neighborhood of lower Queen Anne. Rates are subject to change at any time. Please add $50 if your staying involves a holiday (Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Years, Fourth of July, Memorial Day & Labor Day). Full Payment is required 1 month prior to arriving. If payment is not received on time, date become available for others to book. Furniture may vary. Clothes Dryer Fireplace Hair Dryer Heating Internet Iron & Board Linens Provided Living Room Parking Telephone Towels Provided Washing Machine Very conveniently located close to downtown (minutes) and accessible to freeways, whole food super market, gas stations, golf club, winery, pubs, pike place market, pier Public transport is available next stWelcome to the Queen Anne Hideaway.  Your home away from home is a lower level unit below a vintage Queen Anne landmark home.  Take advantage of an incredible savings over a hotel in a pet and family friendly environment.  Pet friendly flooring, dog bed, kennel, and a fenced yard make this the perfect spot to vacation with your pups.   Beautifully furnished, luxury beds with feather toppers, patio with fenced yard, and all the details you need to make your stay perfect.  Our apartment has two bedroom (walls not shared) both with queen beds.  The living area features a flat screen TV, couch, and two of the ugliest recliners you have ever seen.   The kitchen is stocked for all your cooking needs, however, be prepared to do dishes the old fashioned way!  You will find all the condiments and extras on hand necessary, including coffee and creamer (priority uno).    Our one bathroom is updated with a  shower stall and new vanity.  What it lacks in space it makes up for in being well stocked.Vintage 1927 4plex in perfect Queen Anne location. Elliott Bay views! Hardwoods, built-ins, natural light. Queen bed w/ new mattress. Charm & updated amenities: A/C, free Wi-Fi, Roku, Cable TV, HBO, Private WD, Additional hide-a-bed. Very clean! Well cared-for building with many charming details. Attention to detail with furnishings. Clean Apartment with private outdoor space and shared backyard to relax in the sun, BBQ or enjoy a game of corn hole. Fully stocked kitchen with Keurig, complimentary coffee and bottled waters. Large bedroom with walk-in closet, private washer / dryer, queen sized bed, 2nd queen sized hide-a-bed sofa. Sweeping sunset views of Elliot Bay from spacious living room and dining space. Dart board, Chess board, Poker set, ROKU, Cable TV, Free HBO and free wireless high speed internet! Complete apartment with private bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, dining area, large living room, private patio and shared backyard space. Private Washer and Dryer, walk-in closet.  4 dig*** NEW LISTING - August 2015 *** Relax and revive at this urban 3-bedroom sanctuary centrally located in Seattle's most charming and desirable neighborhood. Relax and revive at this urban 3-bedroom sanctuary centrally located in one of Seattle's most charming and desirable neighborhoods. The location is hard to beat, just three leafy blocks from Queen Anne's main drag with it's great array of shops, cafes and restaurants and five blocks from the most famous picture-postcard lookout point of the city skyline at Kerry Park. With good public transportation, it is just a 10-minute ride to the popular Seattle Center, exciting downtown, or trendy Capitol Hill.   For dinner, Queen Anne has a restaurant to suit any taste or budget, or why not release your inner chef in the gourmet kitchen with island cook top and double ovens. Afterwards take a soothing bath in the master suite's soaker tub or reinvigorate in the walk-in shower. Before bed, snuggle up in the giant leather chesterfield and catOur century old Upper Queen Anne house is located near beautiful postcard-esc views of the city, and close/easy bus lines. Shared kitchen and bathroom. Three easy-going roommates. And a home recording studio, if you'd like to take a crack at a song! The guest room is divided into 2 sections; a small office type area with a couple chairs (and complimentary guitar, if the mood should strike you), and a large walk-in closet where the bed is located. If you enjoy sleeping in cave-like environments, you will not be disappointed here. The house is over a hundred years old, so it does accumulate dusty fairly easily and is in need of some paint touch-ups, but it's got a ton of character that makes up for it. :) You're welcome to access all areas of the house besides our private rooms (obviously) and basement music studio when we aren't home. You're welcome to check it out when I'm around, but there's a fair amount of expensive equipment lying around down there, and I want to keep it accident-fSweeping Elliott Bay views, Vintage 1927 Queen Anne 4plex. Remodeled w/ new tile & refinished hardwoods. Charm & modern amenities. Beautiful bath, spacious bedroom, tons of light. W/D, 50" smart TV, free WIFI, HBO. Quiet building in great location! Spacious and updated 1 bed, 1 bath apartment in a beautiful Queen Anne 4plex. Big views of Puget Sound's Elliott Bay!  Fully stocked kitchen, large bedroom, private W/D. Living room has big windows and tons of natural light. Dining area sits 4. Queen bed with brand new mattress in bed, and Queen sized hide-a-bed sofa in living room. 50" Samsung Smart TV with cable, free HBO, free WIFI. 4 digit keypad entry.  No key exchange needed!  Owner is a local real estate agent and available at all times via text. Owner is a local real estate agent and available at all times via text.  We take our airbnb reviews very seriously and do all we can to keep our guests happy! The West slope of Queen Anne is conveniently located in just North of Downtown SeatI love my little studio! My space might be small, but it's mighty. I have strategically set up my apartment to create a sleeping space, a eating area, and a living room, I even have a patio! Even though I live in a big room, it doesn't feel like it! Guests will have access to the basement that holds the washer and dryer. I will be available at any time if a guest should need assistance. The apartment is in a great location, everything I need is within a 3 block radius. A gym and bank across the street, Trader Joes (popular grocery store) is down the steet, as well as several coffee shops and restaurants.  On of the best views of Seattle is at Kerry Park, head South on Queen Anne Ave and turn right on Highland Drive, you can't miss it! The area is very walkable, though there is a bus line (bus #13) that stops only a few feet away that goes downtown. My apartment is above a bar and on a somewhat busy street, the noise level can be bothersome to some, but usually tends to quiet down arounRecently remodeled modern daylight basement apartment in Queen Anne. Close to everything and walking distance to tons of shops and restaurants.     Newly remodeled daylight basement on top of Queen Anne Hill just minutes away from Downtown Seattle, yet still keeps the low key quality of a single family neighborhood.  This is a private apartment with it's own private entry. Guest will have access to a shared Laundry Room.  This neighborhood, and this unit in particular, is extremely walk-able. Everything anyone could need is within a 5 minute walk. I've provided a convenient walking map with legend to help locate everything you may need, with some personal commentary added.  Buses are right around the corner. An Uber X ride downtown is $5-$7. This is also within the Car-to-go service area, with many vehicles parked within the neighborhood.  There is also a dedicated parking space steps from the front door, as well as plenty of on-street parking.  Walking distance to Seattle Pacific UnivWhy stay in a hotel costing more, when you can stay, enjoy, luxuriate in a 1909 vintage West Queen Anne cottage restored to its original beauty complete with every amenity you could possibly need. Easy access: downtown,universities,medical,culture . "Le Bijou" of Queen Anne (The Jewel of Queen Anne) is a 1909 craftsman's cottage located on the western bluff  facing Puget Sound in coveted Queen Anne .  A true craftsman who developed his skills renovating vintage homes on the east coast recreated the fine details of craftsmanship present  at the turn of the century.  Crown molding, wainscoting, lathe and plaster ceilings and walls were lovingly and meticulously repaired and restored by this artisan/craftsman using techniques and skills not used by craftsmen in today's times. The cottage is completely equipped with all modern conveniences.   ~Enter the cottage along a lite walkway to a garden courtyard  enhanced with plantings that fill the air with sweet flowering fragrances drawing hummOur eco friendly modern home has two stunning decks and floor to ceiling windows=tons of light.  It feels like a private urban oasis.  Located on a quiet W. Queen Anne street just a block away from public transportation and popular cafes- perfection! Our space is modern, stylish, comfortable and completely eco conscious in every way. There are two decks with full Western views of Elliott Bay and the Olympic Mountains.  Spectacular sunsets.  The grill is hooked to natural gas so you'll never have to mess with propane.    Soak yourself in the new hot tub while watching the ferries and boats come and go.  The upstairs living area has a Nanawall which slides open to bring the outdoors right into your living room.  In winter you can cozy up to the beautiful gas fireplace.   For the audiophile in you, we also have a state of the art sound/media system with surround in the living room, speakers in every room plus three zones for your listening pleasure, including access to on demand movie strEnjoy your own apartment on the top of Queen Anne hill.  Recently renovated, this basement home is airy and bright with lots of space.  Just 2 blocks from QA Ave, 10 min walk to Seattle Center attractions; Uber or bus downtown in 10 minutes. • Spacious living room, 46" flat-panel LCD with surround sound, DVD player, iPhone/iPod dock.  • Modern kitchen with all new appliances, glasses, pots & pans, all basic small appliances.  • Bedroom #1 has one queen bed, closet, drawers, and en suite full bathroom with tub.  • Den has a twin day bed  • 2nd ½ bathroom with pedestal sink The apartment is located in the basement of our main house.  The front door is located down a walkway to the left upon climbing steps to the main property.  A lockbox is provided for guests for access day or night. Our family lives in the main home. We have 2 young children who you may hear on the main floor or up and down the stairs.  Please feel free to let us know of any noise concerns you may have. Upper Queen AnnThis large, remodeled daylight basement space includes a private entrance, private bedroom with Queen bed and closet, a full bathroom and laundry room, mini fridge, massive tv and comfy couch. At the top of Queen Anne, Downtown is a 5 min drive away. With a comfortable space for lounging and having guests and a secluded work area complete with a desk, this basement can host those liking to relax with a beer and watch the big game or those looking to do business or explore Seattle.  The daylight basements gets lots of natural light. Full access to all basement amenities, including washer/dryer, full bath, bedroom, living room, and desk. I'd be happy to meet every guest and share info on the city and neighborhood I love, but we're a super busy family, so will mostly keep to ourselves in the main upstairs living space. Queen Anne is Seattle's prime neighborhood, sitting atop a hill above the Space Needle. It's the closest neighborhood to downtown, but far enough removed to escape the noisI love my 3rd floor vintage studio apartment w/ courtyard patio!  It is on lower Queen Anne & a 10 min walk to Seattle Center. Includes elevator, secured entry, hardwood floors, vaulted ceilings, big windows, full bath & kitchen. Small & efficient! -kitchen (stocked with basics & condiments) -bathroom (with vintage claw foot tub, excellent tub for a long bath.) -40" Flat screen TV, Blu-ray, Apple TV, Hulu Plus, Wifi, ihome alarm clock. -Courtyard patio! (The patio looks down on the interior courtyard & is shared with another apartment. It is accessible through a large window. ) -1 double bed. While the bed is a futon it has a thick memory foam topper which makes it incredibly comfortable. New bedding + 4 pillows. -Quiet! The residents are pretty quiet... Wake up to the sound of the fountain in the courtyard.  -Small... Only accommodates two people. No set dining area. -Kinnear Park is across the street, walk to iconic Kerry Park or visit Marshall Park.. I love all 3. -Organic (I use orBeautiful craftsman in the center of Queen Anne. 4 bedrooms, 3 full bathrooms. Spacious living and dining space, full kitchen and parking space. Across the street from bus stop, walking distance to shops and restaurants. This historic Queen Anne home was redone with all new amenities in 2012. It sits on the corner across the street from a coffee shop and 5-star yelp rated restaurant. It's walking distance to Trader Joe's and Whole Foods, as well as numerous other destinations on Queen Anne Ave.  The house is comprised of three fully-finished levels: 1. Top floor: There are three bedrooms on the top floor with queen or full side beds with built in closets and/or drawers in each bedroom.  2. Ground Floor: Full kitchen, living room, dining room, and full bathroom.  3. Basement: Full bed, couch (that also serves as a pull out bed), full bathroom, full-size washer and dryer. Guests will have full access to the entire house except for two owner storage spaces that are clearly marked (and notBeautiful craftsman style studio, located in one of the neatest neighborhoods in Seattle.  Just a few blocks from amazing restaurants and shops. The "Urban Nest" studio is located above a detached garage.  Private entrance with parking space. The "Urban Nest" studio was built with comfort in mind.  The studio was completed along with the main house in 2015,  is an example of true craftsmanship and architectural beauty. Guests have private entrance and dedicated parking space Queen Anne Hill is centrally located.  A very friendly walkable place.  The Urban Nest Studio is three blocks to Queen Anne Ave. Where you can find Trader Joe's, too many coffee shops to list, a wonderful bookstore, gift shops and amazing restaurants. The metro bus stop is three blocks away and the Seattle Center and Pike Place Market are 5-10 minutes away by bus.1909 Craftsman home with inlaid wood floors on quiet street, walk to Farmer's Market, stores, cafes, restaurants, parks, pool and gym. Short bus ride to Seattle Center and Downtown. Perfect place for a family. 1909 Craftsman with inlaid wood floors.  Fully furnished and equipped. Full-sized bed (additional cots or mattresses can be added to den). Free internet, TV with DVD player and Netflix Online. On-site laundry ($10/week for first two guests). Great for family with children.  Back patio. 94% Walkability Score. Near Crown Walk with stunning views of Puget Sound. Brief walk to weekly Farmer's Market, stores, cafes, restaurants, parks, library, community pool, weight room and gym. Nearby bus lines are 10-15 minutes to Seattle Center, downtown, SPU, Amazon, Gates Foundation.  I will not be there, but a assistance will be available. Home Manual/Neighborhood Guide provides information about safety, house perks, neighborhood resources, kid-friendly activities, etc. The top of Queen Anne hNew backyard cottage/house in best Seattle neighborhood Queen Anne on bus line 10 mins to downtown.  Safe and very walkable area with gorgeous views off every side of Queen Anne Hill.  This house was built in 2012 behind our main house.  It is a smaller house with split level, open floor plan between living room area and kitchen, dining and full bathroom with a comfortable sleeping loft.  2 options for sleeping.  In loft plenty of room for 2 twin or 1 King sleeping arrangement.  In living room area the couch opens to a queen sized bed as well.  So I say this house is for 2-4 people.  Private and full of wood and light.  Double doors open to back yard. The street view is not our street!Charming loft-style studio in an urban garden oasis. Enjoy great views, outdoor deck & garden. Easily accessible on #1 Bus line or 5min drive to/from Seattle Center. Only 10min to/from:Downtown, Cruise Terminals, Fremont, Ballard & Lake Union. This is a detached carriage house, all yours to enjoy.Adorable studio apartment in Lower Queen Anne/ Interbay with a view of the sound!  2 blocks from Whole Foods and minutes to downtown and nearby Ballard neighborhood via the Rapid Ride.  Perfect for guests that need a comfortable place in Seattle with washer and dryer and a private terrace.  Beautiful.This charming top floor apartment is part of a Triplex Craftsman home in the Queen Anne neighborhood, just minutes from downtown, the Seattle Center, Seattle Waterfront, and Pike Place Market. All of the above within 20 minute walk, or short bus ride. We love our home and love to share it with others! It is the top apartment of a triplex in an old craftsman style home in the Queen Anne neighborhood. It has beautiful views of Elliot Bay and the Puget Sound, and a really nice back deck that is perfect for eating, or just chilling out on. We also have a wonderful yard downstairs equipped with a hammock and hammock chair that hang under a pear tree! We do have a cat named Oscar that will come in and out of the house, and we do ask that you keep him fed while we are away :) You will have access to the entire home, including the lovely back deck and yard. We will be gone when you will be staying at our home, but we have lovely neighbors that live below us that you may have the chance of runnI moved into my apartment in December. It's still very simple right now (no wifi or tv) but I have a patio, a back yard and I'm a 3 minute walk from public transportation, a Whole Foods, and a 5 minute bus ride to the Space Needle/downtown Seattle.Beautiful, modern townhouse in Queen Anne neighborhood near downtown Seattle. Quiet, tree-lined street near million-$ mansions; expansive views of mountains and Puget Sound around the corner. Close to Amazon HQ, Gates Foundation, and Seattle Center. This townhouse was built in 2009 and has a cool, modern feel while also being homey and comfortable. The townhouse is on three floors, the first floor is the entryway, second floor has the living room, dining room, kitchen, and a small powder room. The top floor has two bedrooms and a beautiful bathroom - the second bedroom will be closed off; guest will only have access to the master bedroom. I will always be available via email or text to answer questions. Queen Anne Hill is a gorgeous neighborhood - you will love it here! It is situated just north of downtown Seattle. It is a lovely neighborhood with an interesting mix of craftsman, Victorian, and modern architecture. Queen Anne has a 'village' feel with lots of boutiques, cafes, parks, Conveniently located on top of Queen Anne, you will have access to all that Seattle has to offer. Located 3 blocks from shops and restaurants and minutes to vibrant South Lake Union, Amazon, the Space Needle, Downtown, Pike Place Market, Seattle waterfront and more! Newly renovated in May 2015, this spacious 850 sq ft craftsman style apartment has bamboo flooring, glass door knobs,  wide hallways, large windows and over 8ft ceilings. With key code access to the separate entrance, you will have a spacious 850 sq ft  private apartment with the following amenities: - 1 bedroom with queen size bed furnished with down comforter and down pillows, large closet space, dresser and luggage racks - flat screen TV - sectional sofa that converts to a queen size bed - office desk & chair - 1 full bath with bathtub - hairdryer - laundry room with washer and dryer - ironing board and iron - kitchenette with microwave and refrigerator (no stove) - coffee machine - High Speed Internet (WIFI) The homeownMake this cozy room with private bath in Queen Anne your home base for your Seattle visit. Centrally located with easy bus access, you can feel free to roam the city and then return home to enjoy a sunset from our porch overlooking Elliot Bay. The view from our apartment makes it particularly special. The Queen Anne neighborhood itself is great to explore and a fun place to go "urban hiking" along our staircases. If you're relaxing at home, we have a TV downstairs that you are welcome to use and we will provide coffee/tea and a light breakfast as well!  Easy access to a buses, and free parking right next to the house. You'll have the second floor which includes a closet in the room, and your own bathroom. We sleep on the third floor and only walk by on our way to the kitchen/living room, which is a shared space. We'll often be around in the evening and you are more than welcome to hang out, cook and relax downstairs. We love meeting new people and sharing our city. Feel free to ask us     This is a detached, completely private studio cottage. It has a full travertine bathroom, washer dryer, full size kitchen appliances, miles of granite counter, work space, eating area, built in storage in closet, vaulted ceilings, queen bed.    This is a detached, completely private studio cottage. From the studs out remodel completed in 2014.  It has a full travertine bathroom, washer dryer, full size kitchen appliances, miles of granite counter, work space, eating area, built in storage in closet, vaulted ceilings, queen bed.  Free internet of course and Direct TV.  Top of Queen Anne hill.  Within half a block there is casual dining, Macrina Bakery, Bustle, Taco Shop, Targy's Bar.  Dry cleaning and Ken's Market full grocery store also a half a block away. Full sized appliances, dishes, cookware, coffee pot, blender, and spices.  Private outdoor courtyard with BBQ, eating and lounging areas.  Private entrance to yard from off street alley parking for 1 car.  Additional parking on Highly desirable location, close to downtown, shops and restaurants.  Beautifully furnished with spectacular views of Puget Sound and Olympics. Available if needed One of the most sought after neighborhoods in Seattle.  On bus route.  Close to downtown and walking distance to restaurants, bars, coffee shops and grocery stores. Bus stop is 100 yards away.Private bedroom w/ private bath in clean and modern home with stunning views of Puget Sound. Located in charming Queen Anne neighborhood Quiet, quaint, and very walkable -- just minutes walk to numerous restaurants, bars, cafes, shopping. Several bus routes with stops just a couple blocks away. Your room - private bedroom with in-room bath The home - 2 bedroom penthouse home, open floor plan, floor to ceiling windows with stunning views of Puget Sound and the Olympic peninsula You'll have access to all of the areas of the house (with the exception of the master bedroom)Our space is a top floor apt. conveniently located within a relatively short walk and even shorter bus ride to all of the best our city has to offer! The Queen Anne is a safe/upscale neighborhood located right above downtown Seattle with gorgeous views and a plethora of parks and unique stairways to discover as you walk your way down to the Seattle waterfront/Pike Place market, or the Seattle Center. We have found our little slice of heaven here in Seattle and can't wait to share it with you! Our house is the top floor of an early 2Oth century craftsman style home. We are 1 of 3 units in the entire house ( one on each floor ) . We love and have had the same neighbors in both of the units below since moving in almost 5 years ago. We have worked very hard to make this space our sanctuary, and everytime we leave can't help but think about when we get to come back home. It truly is a slice of heaven. We have an amazing view from our front/living room, as well as from the back deck. Just doNewly remodeled Garage close to downtown. Centrally located near Ballard and Capitol Hill. Bus line across the street. Air Conditioned, WI-FI , 42 in Smart TV with our Netflix , Hulu Plus, and Amazon Video built in.  Please No pets . Queen sized bed, two comfy chairs, air conditioned, mini fridge, microwave, heater, coffee maker with coffee provided, clean towels, private shower and toilet. You have access to both your private room and our backyard mini farm with garden, slide and swing, chickens and rabbit.  Interaction can be as much or as little as you like. We would love to meet you but if you prefer privacy we can accommodate that as well. We are always available by phone, text, or e-mail for any of your needs.  Interbay is right between downtown and Ballard. There is a Whole Foods Market just two blocks and there are other food options close by.  We are 1/2 a block from the D line which runs every 15 minutes even until late with WIFI on the bus. We are very open minded people andPrivate bedroom, bathroom, and family room in daylight basement of beautiful home in lovely Queen Anne neighborhood. Within walking distance of Seattle Center, close to downtown and cruise ship terminal. Space for plenty of street parking. Large space with bedroom, bathroom, and family room to relax in. There is a beautiful Japanese style garden and patio with fish pond to enjoy. The family room has a TV ! There is a full-sized refrigerator as well. Bedroom, bathroom, and family room, and backyard. Always ready to answer questions about the room, the neighborhood, and Seattle. Enjoy company, but very respectful of guests' privacy. Safe, walkable neighborhood. Strolling or jogging on the boulevard with its great views of the Puget Sound and the Olympic Mountains is a favorite activity for many. Quiet, a lot of great restaurants and stores within 5 minutes of driving or 10 to 15 minutes of walking, and several nice parks. Bus is only a block and a half away. Very quick trip to downtown o A story book wagon that you can sleep in ! Made entirely from birch,douglas fir and cedar. Hand made Stained glass windows. electric heat with a thermostat, 110 power, upper and lower bunks. Located between Magnolia and Queen Anne. We are only a short bus ride from downtown seattle. SHARED bathroom and shower inside our home just a few steps away ! bus is just a half block away .  We are located pretty close to the city and a main road so it can be kinda noisy if your not used to that kinda thing. On that note though everything is close by and convenient. The beds are new from Ikea They are made from High density foam And so far people say they are great to sleep on. The second bunk is four feet off the ground so if you have trouble climbing you might wanna consider sleeping below lol !   The bathroom is located in our house feel free to shower and use the facilities any time you like. We are so happy to able to share this space with you, as we have seen the joy it brings to so many pThis 2bedroom/1bathroom home is located in the Queen Anne neighborhood and features an open kitchen and dining area and outdoor patio space. Just north of downtown, Queen Anne is a distinct neighborhood, known for its historic homes and parks. The Space This 2bedroom/1bathroom home is located in the Queen Anne neighborhood and features an open kitchen and dining area and outdoor patio space.  The Neighborhood  Just north of downtown Seattle, Queen Anne is a distinct neighborhood, known for its historic homes, parks, and unique shops and restaurants. Most of the neighborhood sits onto of a hill, so it's also a great area for viewing the Seattle skyline.  Getting Around There are several bus stops within walking distance of the home, but Queen Anne is a very walkable neighborhood. Downtown Seattle is just 2 miles south, while Fremont is just 2 miles north.  Other Things to Note Come check out one of the best neighborhoods in Seattle by staying in this cozy home!  Please remember that youLEED certified "green" 3-story townhouse with all the amenities. Walkable to everything that makes the Ballard neighborhood special - eg: Locks, Farmers Mkt! Bring your kayak and your mutt! Within a block is public water access to Salmon Bay, Burke Gilman trail, dog-friendly bar, day spa, & more! 3 story townhouse, modern design, beautiful high ceilings, cozy finishes. Bamboo hardwoods in 2nd floor kitchen/living/dining space and neutral carpet in the bedrooms and hallways. Everything in the home!  You have access to the 1 car attached garage for easy secure parking. While some supplies will be in the garage that you might find a need for (toilet paper/paper towels, etc), please do not disturb  my personal belongings stored in the garage. The bikes, snowboarding and other outdoor gear are not for the use of guests. If you have a question about something you'd like to use or borrow that you saw in the garage, just call me first as it may be an item I'd be comfortable with lending to youYou'll feel right at home in our private entrance apartment in Ballard. Walk to great restaurants, cafes, shops and grocery stores. We are also a quick walk to the bus stop that will take you to beautiful downtown Seattle!     Looking for a place that feels like home?  Our apartment has a private entrance to the ground level of our split-level home, a deck that leads to our backyard, a separate bedroom and living space with a kitchenette in a cool, clean and quiet home.  Equipped with a microwave, counter top toaster oven, small refrigerator, electric burner and griddle, and a keurig coffee maker. Everything you need to make a delicious meal and a cup of coffee to start or end your day. Our apartment has everything you could need and is completely separate from the rest of the house.  We also have a dedicated parking space for guests in our driveway connected to the apartment. We look forward to welcoming you when you arrive and will send you off with warm wishes at the end of your staA beautiful sun-filled homes in an amazing Ballard Location. You get the whole property to yourself, including 5 bedrooms, 3.5 bathrooms, two kitchens, the rooftop deck and the lovely backyard. A 5 minute stroll brings you to groceries, restaurants, bars, breweries, parks and fun. Plum Modern includes both our Plum House listing:https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/6401209 and our Plum Apartment listing:https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5549211. You can also see all the listings on our profile page. Welcome to the Plum house, a modern home finished in December 2014. You will fall in love with this house for three reasons; 1. It's indoor / outdoor connection-- the bi-fold glass door that opens one wall of the living room to the back deck AND the enormous rooftop deck where you can lounge in the hammock, soak in the hot tub and enjoy expansive territorial views over dinner or cocktails. 2. The light filled design of the house which will make you so comfortable you'll barely want to leave to explore SThis 1BR is in a great location!  Walking distance to bars, fantastic restaurants, cute shops, a movie theatre and an AMAZING Sunday market.  Also nearby, Golden Gardens Beach, the Ballard Locks, and only 10 min to downtown Seattle. 1BR, open kitchen, large patio, large bathroom, street parking.  Amazing location, close to bars, fantastic restaurants, an amazing Sunday Market, the Ballard Locks, Greenlake, Gasworks Park, and 10 minutes from downtown. Please respect our space, we do live here full time and rent it out when we are not using the space.  No smoking, No pets, No parties, Please respect quiet ours from 10pm to 8am. Modern amenities such as a washer/dryer, dishwasher, full kitchen, heater, NO AC, Wifi, and hip furniture.  You will have clean sheets and towels. You will have the entire apartment to yourselves and I will provide you with a key to the space. We would be more than happy to provide recommendations on things to do and places to eat! We are just a text/call away if Quite and comfy room for two with private bathroom. Conveniently located in the center of Ballard, 10 minute walk to restaurants, bars, farmer's market and more! Bus line to downtown and Seattle Center is 1 block away~ This is a condo building with secure access and friendly staff. You will have a private bedroom with queen size bed facing the courtyard, as well as a full size bathroom.  The Ballard neighborhood is right next to your doorstep with hip restaurants, bars, coffee shops, movie theater and more! There are also grocery stores and drug stores downstairs. Easy access to downtown. Take the D line straight to Seattle Center (Space needle, Chihuly Glass Museum, EMP) and downtown (pike place, aquarium, shopping area) Guests will have private bedroom and bathroom, and will share kitchen and living space with me. I'd love to answer any questions you have about the city, neighborhood and give recommendations on where to go/eat. I'll also respect your privacy if you prefer time alone.Modern and cozy condo in the heart of Ballard, a 10 minute drive to downtown Seattle. There is a fully equipped kitchen, full bathroom, Internet/TV and a balcony. Within a 5 minute walk to the local restaurants and a 15 minute walk to the beach.Walk less than 10 minutes from this cozy bedroom to all that Ballard has to offer - restaurants, bars, farmers market, and more! Or step out of your private room into the fresh air of a secret garden patio where you'll feel miles away from the city. This Ballard fisherman's cottage offers quiet residential living steps from Seattle's hottest neighborhood. Enjoy your private room downstairs in the basement that can be accessed through the garden in the back of the home. Enjoy the cozy patio furniture and hammock in the back, or cook a farmers market meal in our newly renovated kitchen. Guest can access the washer/dryer and shared bathroom any time they please. My boyfriend David, our dog Baker, and I are excited to share our home with you! Guests have full access any part of the home, including the kitchen, laundry, and living space. My bedroom is the only part of the home that is off limits. My boyfriend and I live in the home, so we'll be available anytime to answer questions, recommeOur place is in the awesome Ballard neighborhood of Seattle w/ its own busy downtown! 4 miles from the Seattle Center easypublic transportation or you can drive :) or bike. Belltown approx 10min. You can walk to everything! We are on the main street. Hey potential guests! Thanks so much for checking out our listing! Welcome to our fun, lively, Downtown Ballard Apartment! The listing is for your own private room with twin bunk beds and comfy mattresses on the floor for guests 3&4. Large windows in room to let in the beautiful Seattle light (or rain!) Shared full bath. On the main downtown Ballard street! Walk to anything and everything! 4 miles to downtown Seattle/the City Center. Right on Express bus routes. Just walk outside to all the fun! Washer and dryer are provided. Great location for someone looking to explore the city to relocate or on vacation! You are welcome to use the living room, kitchen, bathroom, laundry (within reason ;) , gym, rooftop deck,etc! We are friendly and are Cozy, old world charm cottage in iconic Ballard with full amenities, sunlight and a yard for picnics.  Great walking score (a block to coffee/grocery) to the heart of Ballard with amazing restaurants shops, farmers market and beach. *Looking for possible trades of landscaping, gardening and carpentry for guest stay. Please message if you are interested in these options.* 1920's one level cottage located in the heart of Ballard.  There are 2 bedrooms, one with a great latex queen bed and the other with a very comfortable futon bed/couch both with fresh soft bedding.  The living room gets great afternoon sun and lots of light. With a new couch (!) I just ask you to keep it clean. The house has wireless and washer/dryer for use.  I love to cook and the kitchen has all amenities including a vita mix blender and dish washer.  The bath has a shower and tub. Washer and dryer are near the bathroom.  House is about 500sqft with a side yard and back patio for bbq's. Street parking is available aPrivate room & bathroom two blocks from grocery stores, independent shops, and some of the best restaurants in the city. Walk to the beach, take the bus downtown, or hop on the bike trail. Perfect for your business or pleasure trip! Your private room includes a full bed, a closet, and private bathroom. The room is on the bottom floor with private patio access.  Upstairs, you may share the living room and kitchen with us. We always have the best french roast coffee going, and there is a great selection of teas available, as well.  We both work in the daytime, and are generally home in the evenings. We will respect your privacy, and happily answer any questions you may have about the city! Our home is located in one of the best neighborhoods in the city. Walk to world- renowned restaurants and independent shops. Walk to the waterfront, Shilshole beach, or the Ballard Locks. Enjoy one of many parks, playgrounds, or the public library. Hop on the bike path, or take the bus to nearby neighbComfy captain's bed in a home, in the heart of beautiful Ballard, WA.  The private room (note:  room is small) and bath, walks out onto a private covered outdoor living space overlooking an intimate and peaceful garden.  My guests sleep well. The room is small, but has all the amenities you need.  My guests mention how comfortable the bed is and how much they appreciate the outdoor patio and my garden.  They also mention they like the privacy and cleanliness of the room and bath.   I do use recycled furniture to promote Eco-friendly practices.   The bed is a large twin, and I can put a fold-out cot in for a 2nd person.  It will be tight with 2 people but if lower cost and location is most desired, it's workable as you can fold up the cot during the day.  I had guests asking for this option so added it to my offer. Key pad front door entry to my home.  You walk down hallway to your private bedroom and bath on ground level, plus covered outdoor patio, TV w/cable,  Internet/WiFi with a smThis 1918 Craftsman house is on a quiet residential street.  Beautiful upstairs guest room sleeps two in full/double bed. A second upstairs bedroom with a double futon bed is available for an additional fee. We only book one party at a time. You will not be sharing the space with another party. Please inquire if you need the second bedroom. Kitchen, bath and sitting room are on main floor. Outdoor areas include picnic table, porches and lawn. Free off-street parking for 2 cars.  Broadband WiFi.  Upstairs - 1 or 2 bedrooms. Main floor - Your own modern bathroom, fully equipped kitchen and a sitting room. Outside - Porches, picnic table, lawn and garden. Basement - Limited use of washer/dryer. Free, off street parking for up to two cars. Main floor living/dining area is hostess Patti's art studio. Her work is very quiet and fume free. She works in her studio during most days. You'll have the house to yourself after hours. After checking in, you will likely see Patti only during her daytiBuilt in 1900 in the heart of Ballard, our house is conveniently located within walking distance to some of Seattle's best restaurants and shops, the Hiram Chittenden Locks and year-round farmers' market. Recently renovated, private bath and entry. Private and secure suite in historic house with many amenities for your comfortable stay: in-room coffee; down comforter and pillows; private bath with tub/shower; cable TV and Wi-Fi.  Ballard has a rich and fascinating history, and now it's also one of the best locations in Seattle for dining, shopping and nightlife, as well as great walks to the locks, Discovery Park, and the beach at Golden Gardens. We have great bus service and are right off the Burke Gilman trail for miles of excellent biking or walking. We love Ballard, and will be happy to provide suggestions to make the most of your visit!Relax in this room with subtle nautical decor that mirrors the Ballard Locks that are a stones throw away. Full access to the kitchen and living room on the main floor. 1 block away from express  bus to downtown, 3 blocks to Ballard Core. This space has a queen sized bed, a chair, and an en-suite bathroom with a full tub. With two large window, this room gets plenty of light. The house is less than 10 years old with modern touches throughout. This room is on the third story, so requires two sets of stairs to reach. This is one of two rooms being rented in this house. Message me for a $30 discount for booking both. Guests are welcome in the Kitchen, Living Area, main floor balcony, and to use the laundry right outside their room. Free coffee, free laundry detergent, and use kitchen staples (flour, olive oil, spices, etc.) in moderation. The living area is currently sparsely furnished. I'm happy to chat if we're both on the main floor, but I'm generally fairly hands off. The Ballard areaBy Special Request OnlyOur house is tiny at 400 sq ft! Please read the descriptions fully before booking. This is a 400 sq ft studio plus a loft. The space is very nice and open, with plenty of light while still preserving privacy. With full size kitchen and bathroom, it has everything you need. **The house has some rough edges. Not all finish work is complete.** This means that the kitchen is made out of 2x2s with a plywood counter top and the stars are still made with raw lumber. The windows are missing trims and baseboards. However, everything is functional. Also be aware that the house has alternating tread stairs (please see photos). These are also known as lapeyre stairs. Please be sure you can navigate these or okay with not using the loft space. **Please send me a message acknowledging this information when you book.** The washer and dryer are available for use in the garage. If you plan to do so, please let me know ahead of time so I can give you access to the garage. Please do not use anything elseBallard 1 bedroom plus loft and AWESOME lovingly repurposed 25' Airstream trailer.  A queen in the trailer, a king in the loft, queen in the main bedroom, and a queen sofa bed - only bath is off the main floor bedroom. Ballard 1 bedroom plus loft and AWESOME lovingly repurposed 25' Airstream trailer.  A queen in the trailer, a king in the loft, queen in the main bedroom, and a queen sofa bed - only bath is off the main floor bedroom.  This is the second and third floor of a 1901 duplex.   ****Dec 7th, 2015.  There is currently construction on the home nextdoor which can begin as early as 7:30am and go to 4:30pm  Most of the the noisy work is done and this unit is minimally affected by sounds.  I would say if you are planning on booking a stay during the week and are a day sleeper just to be aware of the construction but again it's on the other side of the house and this unit is not very affected by it.   Just 6 blocks from Market street, you'll be a perfect quiet distance from all MarkLocated in the Sunset Hill/Ballard Area of Seattle. 1 bedroom, 1.5 bath, kitchen, living area. A clean and comfortable home away from home. Steps from the Ballard Locks, bus lines, bicycle and walking trails. A quiet and most conveniently located apartment. Enjoy a stroll to Golden Gardens. I hope this space will make my guests feel like they (EMAIL HIDDEN)fortable, in a great location and peaceful for an ideal getaway.  The apartment in it's entirety is for their use. I am happy to help with any questions my guests may have. I am available if my guests need anything, but I don't want them to feel like they have to meet with me.  This is their time! All the fun and interesting things there are to do in Ballard are in walking distance, 3 blocks away.  The neighborhood is quiet, yet very close to the action.  There is a bus stop, 1/2 block away.  The buses will take you anywhere you want to go in the city.  Very easy to use. This is a second room in our lovely home that shares a full bath with the first.  Roomy and light filled, funky decor, the whole downstairs is shared space with fully furnished kitchen.  Near central Ballard, the shops and restaurants are all at handSee upper apartment listing for reviews. Located on main floor of circa 1900 house in old Ballard. Complete, fully functional apartment with fully equipped kitchen. Nothing is shared with the main floor apartment except laundry. Close to everything! The apartment is on the main floor of a circa 1900 house in historic old Ballard. It is a complete, fully functional home with a fully equipped kitchen. Nothing is shared with the upper apartment except laundry facilities in the shared entry. Acoustic insulation insures that you will hear little if anything from your upstairs neighbor.  Ballard has everything you could want. Living in this home, it's all at your doorstep! Within 1 block you can enjoy espresso and some of the best bread and French pastries in Seattle. Within a 6 block radius you can enjoy an upscale movie house, a diverse array of restaurants, shops and the fabulous year-round Sunday Farmer's Market offering fresh locally grown produce and products. If your visit is job-relaOne of twelve units in a charming 1924 building. On top of a great cafe, with parks, library, shops, amazing food, music venues, and bars in a 2-block radius. A perfect place to rest or play. Big windows in the kitchen and living room open onto Market Street in Ballard. Windows in the bathroom and bedroom open to a private garden patio and provide circulation of fresh, cool air. Shared garden patio Coin-op laundry Free wifi Nespresso coffee machine We hope you don't need us, but we're available to help during your stay if you need anything, and happy to provide recommendations for things to do in town and adventures out of the city! Ballard is a vibrant neighborhood loaded with great restaurants & cafes, bars, concert venues, parks, and friendly people. Treat yourself to oysters at The Walrus & the Carpenter or grab a slice of pizza and see a show at The Tractor Tavern. Pack a picnic and stroll to the 100-year-old Ballard Locks or grab coffee and spread out at Golden Gardens Beach. WalMy beautiful 2-bedroom condo is in the heart of Ballard.  Southwest facing with mountain views, this light-filled space is a great place to hang out or to explore from, just 5 blocks to downtown Ballard or an easy bus ride downtown. Check it out! Beautiful condo facing south and west with an open living room/kitchen area and 2 spacious bedrooms (ceiling fans included!).  Main living space has a view of Mt. Rainier and the Olympics and offers front-row seats to amazing sunsets. Comfortable sleeping for four people with an option for an air mattress to add 1 or 2 more people. I live here a majority of the time and so the space comes with a fully equipped kitchen for all your cooking needs, including a coffee-maker and grinder, toaster oven, stove/oven, dishwasher, and all other basic kitchen amenities (minus a microwave). There is a deck as well with a grill for you to use and 2 or 3 chairs to relax in. The whole space is for you to use and enjoy with the exception of my dresser and closThis clean bedroom has a private bathroom, closet, and full-size bed. Conveniently located mere blocks from the grocery store, downtown Ballard, and the Ballard Locks. Street parking.Bright clean 2 bedroom 1 bath appartment in the heart of Seattle's Ballard Neighborhood.  Master Bedroom with Queen sized Posture Pedic bed, dressers and closet for use.  2nd bedroom has futon, desk, 32" TV w/ cable.  Futon in the living room. Wifi. Cozy and a little ecclectic, brings out the real character of Ballard and Seattle.  Proximity to the heart of Ballard and and the ammenaties availible make this an ideal stay.  3 beds, wifi, cable, record player and lots of vinyl, pots pands dishes glasswear and barware to make all the food and cocktails you desire, fridge, BBQ, Coffee maker, deck (with new Marajuana laws, feel free to smoke out on the deck), washer+dryer, Dresser+closet Just a quick Check in and Check out and you are left alone to enjoy your stay. Ballard is the most interesting and ecclectic Neighborhood in Seattle.  Lots of bars and restaurants of all kinds.  More breweries than any other neiborhood in Seattle makes it a great for beer lovers.  Plenty of night life with Stay just blocks from all that Ballard has to offer - restaurants, movies, bars, live music, historical district, and the Locks!  So much to see and do right in the neighborhood. Ballard is a popular residential neighborhood about 6 miles from downtown Seattle.  There's plenty to do within just a few blocks, including great pubs, coffeehouses, restaurants, and some of the best live music venues in the city. The 1-bedroom, 1.5 bath apartment is a secure condo in a 4-story building with an elevator.  It's sunny, bright, with wood floors (carpet in the bedroom) and modern appliances, and has a lovely balcony. There's plenty of street parking if you're renting a car, but is also close to public transit and bike trails - lots of options here!  Let me know what you're interested in experiencing in Seattle and I'm happy to point you in the right direction. :) Wifi, in-unit laundry, balcony. I'm usually out of town when my place is available, but a friend will hand off the keys and be the AirbFunky and artsy upstairs of conveniently located Old Ballard bungalow.  Bedroom + bright 20 by 20 art studio.  One wall of the studio serves as a movie screen which is projected onto and is complete w Netflix.  Short distance to nightlife and cafes! The arts studio has a computer, a bluetooth printer, TV and a projector connected to Netflix.   The bathroom has a bathtub but not a shower stall. You have the whole upstairs to yourself.  Downstairs is a common area and kitchen shared with our two hospitable roomates, Chris and Freeman We hope to be able to greet you unless you arrive while we are gone, in which case we will try to arrange for Chris or Freeman to greet you. #40 bus to downtown has a stop less than a block away.  Walking distance to central Ballard.  Street parking.Beautiful end-unit townhome with lots of daylight near Ballard Locks. Custom paint colors, high ceilings, finished hardwood floors, granite/stone countertops and sound proof glass. No street noise. Quiet neighborhood. Paved enclosed patio with herb garden and outdoor lounge seating. One dedicated garage parking spot available and ample street parking. Large windows and vaulted ceilings in both upstairs bedrooms offer a light and bright feeling. A bedroom on lower level with access to patio yard, ideal for a home office.  Cherry blossoms (Sakura) in the spring, everything is safe and within walking distance, lots of great bars and restaurants, close to the zoo. Walkscore: 87 (walkers paradise!) Bikescore: 71 MORE PHOTOS: (website hidden) LAYOUT DETAILS: - Top floor (2 bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms, washer, dryer) - Middle floor (kitchen, dining, living room with small balcony, bathroom) - Bottom floor (1 bedroom, bathroom, patio access, 1-car parking garage) FEATURES: Total Bedrooms: 3 fulEnjoy complete privacy in our townhome blocks from downtown ballard! Newly landscaped yard, fence, new paint, new carpet, and new countertops! Luxurious walk in European shower for two. Easy access to major bus  lines anywhere in Seattle!  Welcome to our home, conveniently located just blocks from downtown Ballard! You will have the *entire* house to yourself! The main level features a spacious open floor plan featuring beautiful bamboo floors.  The living room has comfortable couch, coffee table and widescreen TV for socializing and movie-watching. The adjoining dinning area has a table with seating for four. The beautiful widescreen HD TV has Roku, which features Netflix along with other video-watching applications. The kitchen features new granite countertops, new stainless steel appliances, and a bar to easily entertain! The second floor has two bedrooms; one master, one guest, both with queen sized beds and plenty of closet space! It also includes a newly renovated wall to ceiling880 air conditioned sq ft in upper level (stairs) of a 1912 home includes living room, dining room, large kitchen, bedroom, and a private, fenced yard. Blocks to downtown Ballard, Shilshole Bay and a short ride to Amazon, S Lk Union, Seattle and UW. This cozy apartment resides in a 1912 historical home. You will be on the top level of a three story house with views of west Queen Anne and east Magnolia. We are 7 blocks from Market Avenue's hip boutiques, great restaurants, nature spaces such as Shilshole Bay, the Henry Chittenden Locks gardens with free summer concerts and popular fish ladder, and great biking that Ballard has to offer. Close enough to feel a part of things yet far enough away for peace and quiet. Your apartment is completely separate from the rest of the house so you will have all the privacy that you need. You may hear footfalls as we move through our lives and we may hear yours  ;-)  Subtle enough to know you are not totally alone yet private enough that normal voiceTall ceilings, big kitchen, roomy bathroom. Gigabit Internet Access.  Height adjustable work desk with monitors. Close to bus lines. Perfect for tech travelers.  Brand new Sterns and Foster Estate Queen mattress. Premium air mattress for extra guestsModern and bright, a fifth floor 2 bedroom perfect for a small family or a couple friends. Efficient & comfortable with tight lines & good design. Enjoy a view of Ballard's parks, boats, shops & bars, steps away & waiting to be explored. Walkscore 97. This well-designed two bedroom has light streaming in from enormous windows on two sides, East and South. With views of ship canal, Ballard Commons Park, the Public Library and all of Old Ballard, it's easy to plot your adventures just by looking out the window.  The apartment has an open floor plan to allow easy interaction between the kitchen and the main living space.  The set up of the apartment is simple, uncluttered, and very functional. The living/dining room has a futon with organic mattress from Soaring Heart Natural Mattress Company here in Seattle.  The master bedroom with attached bathroom and shower has an all natural organic king-sized bed from Soaring Heart. And bins are set up for unpacking of clothes. The second bedroom cA  cozy cottage behind a lovely Victorian house. It has a 3/4 bath (shower). The cottage has a brick patio and a large trellis covered with roses and grape vines set in an English Garden. Also see our fab new space: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/20928 A cozy cottage behind a lovely Victorian house with separate access and a 3/4 (meaning shower but no bathtub) bathroom. The cottage has a brick patio and a large trellis on the south side covered with roses, grape vines, and wisteria and is surrounded by an English Garden. The pictures posted should give you the right idea.  (NEW LISTING: We also have a new rental space in the main house coming online this May with aggressive pricing for the first few weeks - a real bargain - see:  https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/20928 ) The cottage: there is a microwave, a small fridge, and an electric kettle for making coffee or tea. It offers considerable privacy if that is desired. The bed is queen-sized. Extra high-speed WiFi is also provided along with This popular Northwest neighborhood has much to offer from the historic Old Ballard Avenue to trendy shops and restaurants along Market Street.  This home features central A/C and spacious layout! Great location- Walk Score 95!  The Northwesterner is a gorgeous three bedroom, two and a half bath townhome with central heat and A/C, surrounded by NW beauty, including a large Deodar Cedar tree in the hardscaped backyard.  This comfortable home offers two king size beds, two twin beds and a queen size luxury sofa sleeper to accommodate a large group.  Professionally decorated and completely furnished, you will find the luxurious decor contemporary and comfortable enabling you to fully enjoy the home and it's surroundings. There is a balcony off the dining area and the first floor master suite opens  onto a patio so you can soak up the goodness the NW has to offer.   Three flat screen televisions with expanded cable, a blue-ray DVD player, local telephone service and wireless internet accesBrand new 350 sq ft cottage with a lofted sleeping area. Very private, in an ideal location walking distance to central Ballard. Furnished and includes piano, shared yard, and garden area. No laundry on site. Bike available for use.We welcome you to this modern home in the heart of Ballard.  It is light filled, spacious and cozy with in-floor heating. It is located close to countless bars, restaurants and shops as well as express buses to downtown Seattle. If you need more space, please see our other listings,  Plum House and Plum Modern. You can reach our profile page by clicking our picture twice. You'll find a well appointed kitchen, dining room and a comfortable living room with a pull out couch and large TV. The polished concrete floors will be warm underfoot in winter and cool in summer.  The house was sustainably built, finished in 2014, with a focus on indoor-air-quality and energy efficiency, the benefit to you is pure coziness.   With key code access to the separate entrance, you will have a spacious and bright kitchen, 1 full bathroom, a bedroom with a memory foam bed and a comfortable new pull out couch. If you need, we will happily welcome you to the apartment and give you pointers about sights to seSpacious apt includes galley kitchen w/ adjacent dining area, large living room with TV and office area, bathroom with tub, & roomy bedroom with wicked comfy queen bed!  Less than 10 minutes walk to tons of restaurants, shops, bars, music galore! Fully functional kitchen with all the pots/pans/utensils you would need to cook, though with all the nearby food and restaurants, see if you want to! I travel for work quite a bit and decided putting my place online would be a good fit, so it has all the comforts of home you would want. There is a shared laundry room, which I can leave a key for (if you let me know ahead of time you need it!) While I won't be able to physically interact with you, I'm always available via phone for questions/concerns. There are so many good places for food, music and enjoying the beauty of the Pacific NW.   All within 2.5 miles or less of your front door: Golden Gardens Beach (with fire pits and gorgeous views of the Olympic Mt Range) Ray's Boathouse - seafood A perfect, private guest suite in a brand new home located in heart of Ballard. Blocks away from Ballard downtown with many of Seattle's best dining options. Room includes a comfy bed, TV with cable & a private bathroom. Come stay with us in Seattle! Looking for that awesome Seattle experience, want to be within blocks of everything but still get a great night sleep. While we don't have a full place for rent, you do have your own private suite with a bed and bath within blocks of downtown Ballard. Ideal room for a couple with pillow top queen bed, cable TV, full bathroom for private guest use, and easy access to downtown Ballard. We also have water, snacks and coffee for our guests in the room upon arrival. We provide towels, shampoo, body wash and hair dryer for guest use. Wifi is also free, password and network are provided upon check-in. We look forward to provide you a comfortable stay, for any special needs and requests please reach out to us in advance and we will make sure your Newly renovated and furnished townhouse in the center of Ballard, with walk score of 91!  This townhouse has 3 bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms, one car garage and a small front yard with a great patio for outdoor dining. This 3-story townhouse is newly renovated and furnished.  Here is a summary of the layout: Ground Floor: - one car garage - bedroom with full size bed - access to patio Second Floor: - full kitchen - 1/2 bathroom - dining area - entertainment area with 48' smart TV with DirecTV Third Floor: - bedroom with queen size bed + full bathroom - bedroom with 2 twin size bed + full bathroom - laundry Towels and linens are provided.  We also provide one high chair and two baby gates if you are traveling with a young kid. Guests have access to the entire house. Guest can contact me via phone, text and email. This townhouse is located in a very convenient location, only minutes of walking to The Locks and downtown Ballard.  Golden Garden Park, Fremont, Green Lake, Woodland Park Zoo are on    Nice, clean, cozy home apt-studio in the heart of Ballard. Best neighborhood of Seattle with parking!! Walk to cafes, bakeries, grocery stores, restaurants, beach, rock climbing, bike trails. Bus stop routes 18,40 (at the corner) to dwtn Seattle.       This beautiful home apartment studio is located in our safe, and quiet neighborhood of Ballard near the intersection of NW 64th St and 24th Ave NW. There is a  bus stop at this corner with routes 18 and 40 that will take you to downtown Ballard in 5 minutes and downtown Seattle in about 20 minutes.   Our place is very popular with couples but a third person can also stay and sleep comfortably in the sofa bed.    There is a king size bed with a very comfortable (Simmons Beautyrest) mattress that pasts guest love. We are within walking distance (0.5 mile) of NW Market St and the Ballard downtown core . Included in the rental are the amenities commonly found in a hotel like, hair dryer, coffee maker,  iron, ironing board and toiletry.  Walk everywhere from this remodeled condo in hip Ballard.  The super popular restaurant "Walrus & the Carpenter" is a hop, skip and jump away.  You'll have a great time exploring this beautiful and happening Seattle enclave.  Feel like a local! Everything in this Ballard abode is remodeled.  There is a comfortable brand new KING-size bed in the lofted bedroom.  A walk-in closet with plenty of hanging space.  Smart TV with Netflix etc. It is a lofted spacious place! Bath/shower has large Moen shower head- great water pressure.   Location is on a tree lined residential street with a 94% walk score.  It's a stones throw from super hip historic Ballard!  Grocery stores, movie theatre and many boutiques, bars & restaurants walking distance. Additional features include a brand new full kitchen including dishwasher, a small balcony, WIFI, fresh fluffy cotton towels and sheets.   Access to W/D room available if needed. Decor is mid-century artsy vibe. It is a quiet building, no parties.  ThereLocated on 2nd & 3rd floors of a circa 1900 house in historic old Ballard. It is a complete, fully functional apartment with a fully equipped kitchen. Nothing is shared with the main floor apartment except laundry. Close to everything! No car needed. This delightful retreat is located on the second and third floors of a circa 1900 house in historic old Ballard. It is a complete, fully functional apartment with a fully equipped kitchen. Nothing is shared with the main floor unit except laundry facilities in the shared entry. Acoustic insulation insures that you will hear little if anything from your downstairs neighbor.  This apartment was completely renovated in 2013 in keeping with the home's original character. We did it with the intent of moving in when we retire, so the work is top notch and very tasteful. Oak floors extend through the entry, living room, kitchen, stairs to third floor and both bedrooms. In addition to the Queen and 2 twin beds, there is a portable bed in the livinLarge bright home with lots of space for families.  100% vacation rental so no working around homeowner belongings.  Professionally cleaned and has lots of amenities. Full kitchen with plenty of dishes so you can cook a big meal and relax at home. Large 3 story home with lots of space.  Master bedroom on top floor with a queen bed and private half bath. two bedrooms on main floor one with queen bed and the other with two twins that make into a king. the basement had a bonus room with a futon.  There are two TV one in the living room and one in the bonus room.  Everything is new and equipped as a rental so there are no homeowners belongings.  The cost of cleaning is higher because of the size of the house and the amount of time the professional cleaning company takes to reset the house for the next guests. Entire house Only via e-mail and phone Ballard is in a building boom with lots of new construction.  Our Ballard rental home is almost 100 years old and has lots of unique features yoOur comfortable one-bedroom apartment is a short walk from the boutiques and restaurants that have made Ballard a destination neighborhood. The fully equipped kitchen is the perfect spot to enjoy your finds from the Sunday Farmers Market. We created our spacious, airy apartment when we renovated our 1903 house. With double-paned windows and in-floor radiant heating, it's toasty for cooler weather. We love to cook--and can't imagine that our guests don't--so the kitchen is well-outfitted with a full-sized stove and oven plus a microwave and dishwasher. The bedroom has a comfortable queen-sized bed and the bathroom has a tub-shower combo. There is also a compact hair dryer for your use. We live upstairs and are happy to provide advice on what to see and do, and where to eat. Just ask! Ballard is a lively urban neighborhood with small businesses and restaurants. Though there are many new boutiques and cafes, it still has some of the old Scandinavian feel. Great for walking! The weekly FarIn vibrant Ballard neighborhood, this charming 1 bedroom apartment (with fold-out sofa) is in historic landmark 1893 building.    Ideal walking to nightlife, many nearby restaurants and shops. Back balcony has garden view.  Easy access to bus lines. In a historically designated, 1893 landmark building, this 1 bedroom apartment has a fold out couch in the living room and sleeps 4.  1 bath.  overlooking a garden from the back balcony, with high ceilings, brick walls, arched windows, and wood floor it's a perfect oasis in the heart of Seattle's Soho-trendy Ballard neighbor hood. Besides their beautiful apartment, the guests have access to the basement washer and dryer I plan on minimal interaction with guests,  probably only for key transferal. Yes I live in the building, downstairs  On a tree lined, brick street filled with restaurants, shops, and galleries in the heart of Ballard, this spot is 1  block from the Lake Union Ship Canal, 7 blocks from the free Ballard Boat Locks and Fish La2 bedroom & 2 bathroom comfortable and private condo in the heart of Ballard. Enjoy mountain views and a glass of wine on the balcony or walk to popular restaurants. Safe neighborhood, right on the bus routes, walking distance to sightseeing areas. Entire two bedroom and two bathroom apartment. Lots of natural light with amazing views of the city and mountains. Guests can enjoy the amenities in the kitchen, living room and laundry room. I rent the entire apartment when I'm out of town and rent one bedroom when I'm home. Guests can check in at 2 pm. and check out at noon. Upon arrival, you will be given a key for building and apartment access. I work late hours and some weekends so I am not around most of the time.  I would appreciate a clean and considerate person for shared areas. Please put your dishes in the dishwasher before leaving. If a glass or something else breaks, which happens it's life, just let me know and we can figure it out. I'm happy to share stories and suggest placesA spacious room just a short walk from all that Ballard has to offer. Relax in the garden or watch a movie on your own TV. Want to explore the town? No problem! A bus stop is just a few paces away that will take you straight into downtown Seattle.  A comfy double futon in a light, bright basement room. You have your own TV, set up with Netflix, HBOgo and Hulu to while away the hours before exploring the many fabulous bars and restaurants a short walk away in Ballard.  If you wish to unpack, there is a chest of drawers for your use and space to hang your cocktail gowns and tuxedo in the laundry room next door. A small fee applies for using the washer or dryer. Please note that there are steps leading up to our front door and stairs down to the room itself. If it's sunny, there is an entrance to the garden from your room and you are welcome to use the grill and loungers. Upstairs is our living room which we are happy to share, however your room has it's own sitting area if you would prefOne bedroom apartment in the heart of Ballard.  It is a one bedroom with a double bed and a futon bed in the living room.   It is in the heart of Ballard in walking distance to The Locks, lots of great restaurants, coffee shops, and breweries. It is a modern, clean and fun apartment in the middle of downtown Ballard. We are located in the hot spot of Seattle.  You are surrounded by coffee shops, restaurants, breweries and more.  A fun atmosphere to be in!  You can walk to The Chittenden Locks, and are a short drive from Golden Gardens beach and downtown Seattle. Seattle has lots of Uber drivers and smart cars to rent for short drives around town.This listing is located in the middle of Ballard, just a block or two away from popular shops, restaurants & breweries that make this area so special! Just a short bus ride or Uber cab ride from downtown with pick up just outside your door! This one bedroom apartment in the heart of Ballard is spacious and lovely! Sleeps up to three: one full bed and one large couch. You have your own balcony which overlooks some trees and the lot next door. They are doing some construction on the lot, however they do not work on weekends and don't start working in the morning until 8am or later. You'll have the apartment to yourself! You'll also have access to an amazing gym, rooftop including sunbathing area and grills, Scene Room with huge TV for residents, courtyard and Mingle Room.  All of thees spaces have free WiFi. Ballard is one of the most special neighborhoods in Seattle. It has an amazing bar and restaurant scene and lots of cute shops. This property is brand new and located right in the miA beautiful sunny master bedroom with ensuite bath, desk, and a private balcony located in a modern townhouse.  Full access to the kitchen and living room on the main floor. 1 block away from express  bus to downtown, 3 blocks to Ballard Core. This space has a queen sized bed, en-suite bathroom, private balcony, desk, and two chairs. The house is less than 10 years old with modern touches throughout. This room is on the third story, so requires two sets of stairs to reach. This is one of two rooms being rented in this house. Message me for a $30 discount for booking both. Guests are welcome in the Kitchen, Living Area, and the laundry right outside their room. Free coffee, free laundry detergent, and use kitchen staples (flour, olive oil, spices, etc.) in moderation. The living area is currently sparsely furnished. I'm happy to chat if we're both on the main floor, but I'm generally fairly hands off. The Ballard area has exploded in Seattle over the past decade. It is now home to many Walk to Sunday Market, Ballard Locks.  Perfect for families. We'll leave up the Christmas tree! This is our home, as we see relatives over the Holidays.  You'll have everything you'll need for a relaxing vacation. Classic Portland bungalow 1906 Recently remodeled. We'll put some things in a closet to make room for your stuff We will be in Utah but have family members who live nearby Ballard is the coolest neighborhood in Seattle. Close to city center. You will have everything you need without having to drive anywhere. 2 blocks to the bus Week minimum pleaseBright, clean bedroom in charming Ballard house. Two blocks from bus lines to downtown and University District, as well as neighborhood's best bars and restaurants. Comfy queen bed, spacious closet, Wi-fi. Large, comfortable couch for a third party. I furnished my guest bedroom with travelers in mind. The bed is large (a queen) and very comfortable. The room is bright and cheery. There is a desk if you'd like to work during your stay, and books if you'd like to relax. A coffee machine lives in the room, so you can brew at any hour. Sugar cubes, creamers, teas and other sweeteners are also there for your choosing, because this is Seattle and caffeine cannot be underestimated. There are lots of big fluffy towels and washcloths for the taking. The closet is large and full of hangers, with plenty of space to stow even your bulkiest luggage. There's also a dresser with two open drawers. The third drawer is full of snacks, toiletries, first aid and anything else you might have forgotten. YouBe in the heart of all that Ballard has to offer with this beautiful studio apartment on Ballard Avenue. Exposed brick, washer and dryer, full kitchen and access to the best bars and restaurants just steps away. Exposed brick walls with windows looking down onto Ballard Avenue. One full bed with a large couch if you need space for an extra guest. Full kitchen with spices, plates, pans, glasses etc. TV and wifi. Small studio with everything you'll need for an easy and fun stay. You will have private access to the apt. private entry with key. Come and go as you please. The washer and dryer are just outside the door and cost $1.75 for wash and $1.75 for dry. I live one block away and I work down the street. You can text or call me and I can meet you within 10-15 minutes or if you're in a bind or lock yourself out. I enjoy being left alone when I rent a space so I will do the same for you, but if you need me I will be there:) Ballard is an old drinking village with a fishing problem. We loNice, clean and quite 1 bedroom apartment. Waking distance from ballard, the locks and golden gardens. The unit has big windows &has lots of space to kick up your feet & make yourself at home. Experience Seattle's more nature filled areas. EXPLORE! It is close to night life and nature. My unit has access to fire pits, outdoor areas and a gym Please be respectful.. I will not be home.  Other than giving and returning keys. Golden gardens, down town Ballard night life, the ballard locks. Lots of places to eat, local farmers market on Sundays The 44 bus stops right in front of my apartment complexPrivate room next to private bathroom with shower on it's own floor. Room is on first floor opening to a charming fenced in patio.  Cozy and comfortable.  Heart of Ballard: restaurants, cafes & bars are a couple blocks away. Charming room with own bath is on the first floor.  The room has a day-bed that sleeps 1 or pulls out to king size for 2.  The room is somewhat small, but cozy and has large sliding glass doors to the sunny, south facing patio.  Room features a closet and small dresser, light blocking curtains, individually controlled heat, "smart TV" that can access Netflix, Amazon Prime and Hulu Plus and there is an antenna as well.  There is wifi throughout the house. The house is located in the best part of Ballard.  A block or two from cafes, a supermarket and the bus line to downtown.  A couple blocks more and you are in the heart of the neighborhood for restaurants, cafes, bars, a small movie theater (they have real butter!) and some cool music venues.  Also nearby is the Ba2 bedroom and 1.5 bath townhouse with dining table and breakfast bar, fully outfitted living room, upright piano, and stocked kitchen... conveniently situated near public transit and within the heart of Old Town Ballard. We have a lovely two bedroom, one and half bath town home (about 1100 sq feet) located within Ballard, one of Seattle's most vibrant and trendy neighborhoods.  The master bedroom houses a queen size bed and the smaller bedroom has a full size bed; both are located on the 3rd floor.  The two are connected by a jack and jill bath with a door separating the shower from the sinks.  The utility "room" (more like a closet) is on the top floor and holds a washer/dryer as well as an iron + iron board. The main level has an open floor plan with a fully stocked kitchen and living room.  The kitchen has a gas range, dishwasher, loads of cookware, appliances, and utensils along with a long breakfast bar with 4 stools.  The living room provides a television with basic local channel2 bedroom 1 1/2 bath with an additional comfy sleeper sofa on the first floor of 1901 Duplex.  Lovingly appointed just 6 blocks from the weekend farmers market and all the restaurants and nightlife Ballard has to offer. ****Dec 4, 2015.  There is currently construction on the home nextdoor which can begin as early as 7:30am and go to 4:30pm  Most of the noisy part of the work is done but there is still some construction happening I would say it is only a concern if you are booking a stay during the week and a sensitive day sleeper. This is a great open floor plan with an updated kitchen that is located 6 blocks from all the restaurants and nightlife Ballard has to offer.  There is a 1/2 bath located off the living room and a the full bath is a jack and jill style between the two bedrooms.   There is a fenced back yard and the refrigerator and cupboard will be stocked with snacks and drinks as well as a fully equipped kitchen for all your cooking needs.   I am always available via phoneMe and my boyfriend Jordan are traveling a lot this year and are renting out our charming one bedroom in the heart of Ballard. This is a studio apartment that has everything you need. Full kitchen, pull out couch, washer and dryer downstairs, and a courtyard for animals in the back. Guests have access to entire apartment. Please leave everything as it was when you leave :) I am available via e-mail (when out of the country) or via phone. We are located right in the heart of Ballard. Steps away from art, restaurants, shops & bars. Bus routes are right outside our apartment on market street. You can take a bus anywhere to explore the city!Everything you need 3 blocks from the center of the popular Ballard neighborhood. Our home is a very quiet free standing town home with zero shared walls, modern comfortable furniture, internet, large lcd hd tv, gas fireplace and gas patio fire pit.  This is a 1550 sqft nicely furnished 3bdrm, 3.5ba, 3 story home. Only 2 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms available for use.  Main Floor:  comprises the living room, dining room, kitchen and 1/2 bath. The full kitchen includes granite counters, gas appliances, soda stream, coffee maker, toaster, blender, microwave, d/w. The living room has some custom furniture, a gas fireplace and large swing out tv that stores flat against the wall. 2nd Floor: has 2 bedrooms, the linen closet and the w/d closet. Every bedroom has its own on-suite private bathroom. One with a queen spring/memory foam mattress and a full bath. The other with a queen memory foam mattress and a 3/4 bath. 3rd Floor:  is the master suite with owner's personal items. This room is not Enjoy your own place in the sweet spot of  Ballard.  Nearing 100 year old home that is "cuter on the inside"  with the dream location where a car isn't necessary but off street parking in your own driveway is provided. Easy walk to every amenity a visitor would want. Our 1919 vintage house is comfortable, clean, well furnished in "mid -century Scandinavian cottage"-style with colorful art and tasteful decor.  The exterior of the house and landscaping aren't pristine but it is like a good baguette: rustic crust and a tasty interior. Please  look through all the photos - we have described the cottage accurately.  If you are looking for a great place to relax, have easy walking to the local Ballard scene, to visit the Sunday Farmer's Market and make a lovely meal, and to have a central launch pad for the other sights and activities in Seattle, keep reading. Lots of beautiful southern light, hardwood and fir floors, full kitchen, feather-topped queen bed, comfy twin in 2nd BR, new linens, Sunny south facing location with outdoor social space, funky and artsy on the inside.  Clean bedroom on the ground floor with a spacious living room and shared kitchen.  A short walk from central Ballard, cafe's, nighlife, the Ballard Locks.Modern, new and sun-filled. Plum House has a gorgeous kitchen, 4 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms. Enjoy the rooftop deck and a lovely backyard. A 5 minute stroll brings you to all the delights of Ballard with cafes, restaurants and bars. Express buses to downtown Seattle are half a block away.  If you need more space, consider renting the entire house, Plum Modern, which includes Plum Apartment.  You can see all three of our listing on our profile page by clicking our picture twice. Welcome to the Plum house, a modern home finished in December 2014.  You will fall in love with this house for three reasons;  1. It's indoor / outdoor connection-- the bi-fold glass door that opens one wall of the living room to the back deck AND the enormous rooftop deck where you can lounge in the hammock, soak in the hot tub and enjoy expansive territorial views over dinner or cocktails.   2. The light filled design of the house which will make you so comfortable you'll barely want to leave to explore SeattlA lovely stone-tiled room with kitchenette. New full mattress futon bed. Fridge, microwave, kettle for coffee and tea. Separate entrance into book-lined mudroom. Large bathroom with Jacuzzi  (shared occasionally with hosts to do laundry). Stone-tiled, radiant heated floor, 300 sq ft room with 3 large windows. The bed is queen-sized futon and has a full-sized mattress with topper. Bedside tables and reading lights on both sides. Also large leather couch with cushions. Kitchenette is off the side wing of the main room and  has a microwave, and fridge, and an electric kettle for making coffee or tea. Kitchen table with two chairs to use for meals or as desk. Extra high-speed WiFi is also provided. Access to English Garden. The Ballard Neighborhood is a great place to visit: *10 minute walk to downtown Ballard with fabulous bars and restaurants, great Sunday farmers market, nice three-screen cinema, and much more. *5 minute walk to the Ballard Locks, where ships enter and exit Puget Sound Our lovely townhouse is the perfect location for outing to all the fabulous shops & restaurants in central Ballard. Quiet, tucked away from the street, and easy access to Seattle downtown, Fremont and University of Washington. The private room & bathroom are in the 1st floor of a 3 floors townhouse. This private room has a full bed, a nightstand, a night lamp, a desk, a chair, a desk lamp, built in closets, Mini refrigerator, microwave and coffeemaker . The private bathroom has full tub, basic toiletries shampoo, soap, lotion and clean towels.  • Free wifi • Microwave (in your room) • keurig machine (coffee/tea) • Kitchen basics (cups/ dishes/ utensils) This room has a private entrance from the side yard. We plan on minimal interaction with guests. Free street parking. It's not hard to find a parking spot. Safe neighborhood, it's fine to leave the car there all day. Walkability score of 95!  Some of the best restaurants in Seattle, ones even written up in the NY Times are located just Newly remodeled room with outdoor patio space and private entrance. We're conveniently located near Downtown Ballard with a Walk-score of 91, blocks from the best local shops and restaurants. • Free high speed Wi-Fi • Private bathroom with shower • 32" HD wi-fi enabled TV, you can access Netflix, Youtube, Hulu, Amazon, etc. • Microwave • Mini fridge/freezer • Electric kettle • Complimentary bottled water, coffee, hot chocolate, popcorn & tea • Basic utensils, cups, plates, napkins • Ironing board, iron and hair dryer • Patio with table and chairs • All the towels and linens are brand new This 130 sq. ft. room has a new hypoallergenic super comfortable memory foam queen bed, bathroom with shower and a generous walk-in closet. We designed and remodeled this studio just for Airbnb, we hope you enjoy your stay! We live 10 blocks away from the studio. Feel free to call if you need anything. The townhouse upstairs has friendly, quite renters. • A 5 minute walk to 4 bus lines bus • A 15 minutThis is a bright 1BR apartment upstairs in a house in the popular Ballard neighborhood. It has two separate rooms and a small kitchen. Walking distance to lots of restaurants, stores, bars, big grocery store,  bus to downtown Seattle and more! Perfect for longer stays! This is your own apartment for your visit! It's a bedroom with a queen futon, living room, kitchen and bathroom with a shower. It has 2 closets, should be plenty of room to store your stuff. I live downstairs, and we can have little or more contact, as you wish. I have a small dog, who doesn't have access to your space, but may bark behind my door when you enter or leave. There are slightly steep stairs to get up to the apartment. The kitchen is equipped with all the basics you need if you want to make your own meals, there is a coffeemaker, coffee and tea are provided. The comfortable living room has a sofa, lots of sunlight (if you're here in the sunny months) and a big window with a view of the neighborhood. There is Walk out the doors to everything Ballard has to offer! Bars, restaurants, music, the locks and Golden Gardens, shopping and coffee!  Enjoy your own space as you settle into the loft upstairs, and feel free to use the main living space. The historic princess hotel was reconstructed to hold 8 loft units in the heart of ballard. Just steps away from theBallard Locks, you can hear the boats sound  You will slumber in the loft upstairs on a pillow top queen bed.  While it has ample space, it is in fact a loft, so there are no doors, but curtains for privacy. While you'll be staying in the loft space, the open living areas are free game.  Feel free to make a meal, watch tv/movies, etc. I work from home and am around, but in and out of the apartment frequently. If you need something, let me know, otherwise come and go as you please. The loft is an open space, in fact the entire apartment is, the only actual door within the apartment is to the bathroom-just something to consider if you prefer Just 4 blocks away from the Ballard library, movies, NY Times praised restaurants, buses to downtown, breweries, boutique shopping and parks galore. 2 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, an office, w/d, and a planter box that you can pick from. Relax and enjoy! Our townhouse has it all. A work out area (yoga mat, hand weights, punching bag, pull up bar), 2 bikes (one bike is fitted to put your toddler on if needed), fully stocked kitchen, an office, master bedroom with queen bed, couch that'll fit one adult, and a kid's room with a toddler bed. Ideal for 2-3 adults and 1-2 little ones. We're just 4 blocks away from downtown Ballard, a little walk from Ballard Locks, and 2 blocks from buses that'll take you directly to Pike Place Market. You'll enjoy our home as much as we do. Feel free to anything in the fridge, any of our spices, and kitchen supplies (please note if you've used the last of something--and please don't eat from our freezer foods). Enjoy use of our guitar, the bikes, the toddler toys, Wonderful 1 bedroom apartment in Seattle's Ballard neighborhood. Plenty of light and smartly decorated. Across from the Ballard Locks & Botanical Gardens. Within walking distance of Puget Sound and minutes to downtown.  Charming one-bedroom apartment in Seattle's Ballard neighborhood is located close to many bars, restaurants and grocery stores, not to mention coffee houses, coffee bars, cafes and more coffee houses. There is no shortage of caffine in Ballard. The apartment is located just across the street from the Ballard Locks, the largest system of shipping locks in the country, moving boats through inland Lake Union to the Puget Sound- a must see while in Seattle.  Surrounding the locks are Botanical Gardens. Minutes to Pike Place market, Pioneer Square and the Space Needle. Located on the second floor with elevetor access. The living room is filled with natural light, spacious and comfortable, with large screen television and wireless Internet. The kitchen is fully stocked with wWe have a 1 queen bed apartment with a full kitchen and private bath in the back of our building very close to downtown Ballard. There is an exterior space outside the apartment shared with our members.   Check out our detailed description. The building is owned and managed by the Independent Order of Odd Fellows Ballard-Alki Lodge #170. Originally built in 1903, It has been a fixture of the Ballard community from the time its doors first opened. We have two meeting halls, an active rental calendar, and two store fronts. Join in the fun and ask about what events are happening during your visit. The sleeping area features one queen sized bed with cotton linens and hypoallergenic bedding. There is a large closet for hanging clothes or storing luggage. Shelves offer longer term organization. We also have a small library collection, reading nook, board games, puzzles and a small writing desk.  The kitchen includes a full size refrigerator, stove and oven, and is equipped with standard utenA cozy room in a very central Ballard neighborhood. Cafes, shops, and restaurants are within blocks.  Room includes a TV, ultra comfy queen bed, and a private bathroom for guest use.  Also fresh towels, soft robes, water and snacks.  Come join us! Looking for the Ballard experience, want to be within blocks of everything but still get a great night sleep.  While we don't have a full place for rent, you do have the first floor, with a bed and bath and within blocks of downtown Ballard.  Please note the bedroom is by the front door, which is the only entrance in or out of the house. Ideal room for one or two with a super comfortable pillow top queen bed, satellite TV that includes HBO and other movie channels, full bathroom for private guest use, and easy access to downtown Ballard.  We also have water and snacks for our guests in the room upon arrival.   We will provide towels, bath robes, shampoo, body wash, hair dryer, toothpaste, and slippers for guest use.  Wifi is also free, passwoThis cozy one-bedroom flat is one unit of a newly-renovated duplex (built in 1905!) in the heart of north Seattle's vibrant Ballard neighborhood. There is ample free and unrestricted parking on our street, and usually right in front of the house. This cozy one-bedroom flat is one unit of a newly-renovated duplex (built in 1905!) in the heart of north Seattle's vibrant Ballard neighborhood. There is ample free and unrestricted parking on our street, and usually right in front of the house. At most, you'll have to walk 1/2 block. This small (~300 sqft), quaint unit is big in character, with all the conveniences of a hotel room and more: high ceilings in every room; full spacious kitchen with a full-sized fridge, oven and range, microwave, toaster, and coffee maker, all necessary dishes and silverware; a bar and bar stools for dining; a living area with a full-size fold-out sofa-bed; a separate bedroom with queen-size bed and all necessary linens; free Wi-Fi; and Netflix capable HD TV  anCozy room in two-bedroom apartment along the lower Phinney ridge with views to Ballard.  Located in the "brewery district" of East Ballard/Frelard. Cozy apartment located between Fremont "the center of the universe" and Ballard "Seattle's maritime pride" neighborhoods.  Bedroom is small but cozy with a queen-sized bed with feather topper, closet and bookshelf.  Apartment is furnished with a comfy living room, well-stocked kitchen and cute bathroom.  Listen to the Ballard bridge horns in the ship canal and watch the storms move in from Salmon Bay this fall.  My apartment is 4 minutes to the bus which runs between Ballard and the University District and about a 10-15 minute walk to the bus which runs to Fremont and downtown. With views come hills so beware that we live on a hill that takes some navigating if you are planning on using public transportation/walking. :) Ample street parking available here as well.  Walking distance to brunch, and Ballard's new nanobrewery area (about six smSpacious 700 sf private apartment, renovated in 2012. Features southern & western light, off street parking for one car, a circular floor plan and sunny outdoor deck with Ballard, Olympic Mountain and garden views. 2 Occupant pricing. Spacious 700 sf private apartment, renovated in 2012. Features southern & western light, off-street parking for one car, a circular floor plan and sunny outdoor deck with Ballard, Olympic Mountain and garden views. This unit is situated on the second story of an updated 1917 Craftsman Triplex. The bedroom is big and the apartment floor plan is circular. The heat source is radiant/gas with old style radiators in the 3 main rooms. There are TWO outside decks where you can enjoy the views. It was remodeled in 2012 and features fantastic light from all directions, peek Olympic views, lots of surrounding green space and big windows on three sides.  The unit's unique "Phreelard" location can't be beat, since you can easily walk or bike to Fremont, Ballard or PhEnjoy everything the best neighborhood in Seattle has to offer from the comfort of this adorable 1 bedroom built in the 1940's. Fully stocked kitchen. Back yard patio with fire pit and tree lighting. Sleeps four with the available queen air mattress. This airy vintage home has everything you'll need for your stay. Front living room gets amazing afternoon sun and sunsets. Vintage kitchen has everything you'll need. Comfortable bedroom and full bath. Queen size air bed also available. Enjoy a few local beers in the fridge and local coffee in the cupboard. Our spot has a 32" Samsung Smart TV in the living room. Guests have access to 20 broadcast channels and Netflix as well as online radio and other apps. A laptop can be connected as well, to watch movies or surf the web. A PS3 is connected as well, so DVD or BluRay movies are an option as well. we have provided a small collection of movies.  The entertainment is connected to a surround sound stereo system, which you can also connect to yGreat location in central Ballard. Walk score of 85! Bright two bedroom (no living room) basement apartment is very clean and has a modern feel, though rough around a few edges, with a luxury queen bed in each room, kitchenette (fridge/microwave), and shared washer/dryer. Polite pets welcome. Drive down the alley behind our house and into your reserved parking spot in front of the garage door, which will be your entry. It's also my workshop, and you may see my furniture/art projects in-process when you come through. Please leave your shoes in the garage (shoe shelves provided). The basement suite is kind of like a mother-in-law unit. It is a little rough/rustic around the edges, but I keep it very clean, and am continually improving the space.  It's not quiet during the day - we live upstairs, and I have a toddler, with toddler buddies, and you may hear us thundering around upstairs. We can be moderately noisy during the day (sometimes starting early), and usually quieter at night, thoModern Classic fully furnished private home.  Newly remodeled.  New washer/dryer and refrigerator.  Hardwood floors. WiFi. Sweet Modern Classic Home in the Ballard area. This cozy Cape Cod exudes charm as you enter through the original columned residence.  The living room overlooks a calm quiet extremely comfortable Seattle neighborhood with pacific northwest foliage and the bedroom overlooks a fenced garden yard area. Completely remodeled, fresh paint, beautifully refinished hardwoods, luxurious travertine shower, updated lighting, completely redone kitchen and bath.  Clean, fresh, with everything you need to enjoy Seattle comfortably in a neighborly fashion.  Enter into a living room, enjoy the bright dining nook, bright kitchen and living room from the garden.  1 bd/1bth fully furnished home, with plenty of storage closets throughout. Full washer/dryer in unit. We are very close to the Ballard Market (less than 1/2 a mile) along with many other cafe's and restaurants.  All linens, bWelcome to the heart of the 'Ballard Brewery District'. Walking distance to 7 breweries, as well as the heart of downtown Ballard. Modern, free standing townhome, 3BR, 5 Beds (One King, One Queen, Two Twins, One Full). 2.5 bathrooms. Multiple LED TVs Welcome to the heart of the 'Ballard Brewery District'. Within walking distance to 7 breweries, as well as the heart of downtown Ballard. Modern, free standing townhome with outdoor furniture, as well as a two Queen and one King bed. 2.5 bathrooms, 6 TVs, and everything else you would need for a stay. Kitchen is fully equipped with granite countertops, as well as anything you would need to cook a full meal, or you could enjoy many of the wonderful restaurants in the area. Less than a two block walk to a bus to downtown Seattle, or hop. House is about 40 minutes north of Seatac Airport, 10 minutes north of downtown Seattle. The master bedroom has a king size bed, second bedroom has a bunkbed with a Full+Twin, as well as a Twin trundle bed tBrand-new 3BR/3BA townhome in the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle. Rooftop patio with a 360 degree view of Seattle including Mt. Rainier and the Cascades. Brand-new, 3-story, 3BR/3BA townhome with modern appliances and furnishings. The guest bedroom doubles as a workout area thanks to the queen sized murphy bed that hides against the wall. The bottom-floor also has a nice little outdoor patio.  Located two blocks from a 15 minute Rapid Ride to downtown Seattle, this brand-new townhome is also walking distance to the bars on Ballard Avenue. Take a 10 minute drive to Green Lake, Gas Works Park, or Golden Gardens Park, all of which are great locations for an afternoon picnic. Take the kids to Woodland Park Zoo, which is only a 5 minute drive away, or to see the salmon at the fish ladder at Shilshole. 10 minutes by car or cab will also take you to the highly rated Fremont Brewery.The Rapid Ride D-line picks up two blocks from the house and takes you right past the Space Needle and into dowYou'll have the first floor of our Ballard townhome all to yourself with living room and kitchen upstairs. It's just a 15 minute walk from downtown Ballard with easy bus access to downtown Seattle and neighboring Fremont and Wallingford.       Clean bedroom with private .75 bath on the first floor of our townhome.  You'll have access to our little garden directly from your room.  Our room is perfect for couples or single travelers. The bed in the room is expandable from twin size to queen. Just a few blocks from the local supermarket and half block to the express bus headed to downtown Seattle. We're also conveniently located near bus lines heading to Fremont, Wallingford, and University District.   The surrounding neighborhood is one of Seattle's most desirable neighborhoods. It's also home to some of the best craft beer and coffee in the city. You'll have the whole first floor with connected garden to yourself.  The living room and kitchen are available for you to use as well.  Fast     Spacious top floor all to yourself in a modern Craftsman home. Includes a private office area, walk-in closet, and bathroom. Free use of well-stocked kitchen, washer+dryer, and garage gym. Access to Ballard on foot. Quick 15 min drive/bus downtown.    Enjoy the following features in your private, upstairs top story:    • Three skylights with automatic, solar powered shades--press one button to open them for light during the day and another for darkness at night    • Bathroom with dual shower heads and floor radial heating to keep your toes warm    • An adjustable thermostat space heater which will allow you to set the temperature to your own preference My house is three stories with four bedrooms, and I have 2 other very friendly, courteous roommates who I share the space with. My roommates and I would be glad to share the following with you:    • A private driveway and plenty of street parking    • A fully-loaded garage gym complete with a sizable collection of free weights (with The house is split into three units. I live in the back upstairs unit. On the main floor is the sunroom living room and the rest is upstairs. What makes this place for me is the roof top view.  Watching the sunset behind the Olympics is one of the main reasons why I love this city.  I am an artsy gal and have lots of art projects happening in and around the house. One of them being the mobile couch in the living room. The couch is set on a mobility scooter motor and is drivable if you know the code.  Other quirks to the house are the costumed mannequins and a living roof garden.   Guest will have access to the whole back loft of the house. This includes first floor sunroom and laundry and second floor kitchen, bath, 2 bedroom, and rooftop deck. Feel free to pick from the garden on the roof or grill up on the deck. Enjoy the afternoon sun on the mobile art car couch and plug in your phone to play off its speakers.  Im happy to offer advice on places to go and things to do. I'd like my gEnjoy this quintessential Ballard bungalow. There are two bedrooms and a fully stocked kitchen. Spend the evening on our backyard patio or Exploring nearby Ballard or Phinney neighborhoods.Heart of Ballard new townhome. Cozy room with full size bed. Lots of light. Large well-stocked kitchen, plenty of space in common areas. Shared full bath with master bedroom , extra shared 1/2 bathroom available on floor below. Lot of street parking. It's a beautiful brand new townhouse. The living room and kitchen pictures in the listing are with staged furniture. I have other furniture that is acceptable, but not as fancy looking. The house is slowly being updated with newer, more modern furniture, so please keep that in mind when you book.  Free Amazon Video available on TV. Extra queen air mattress available for extra guests. There are 2 people staying on the first floor that will share the common areas. They are friendly and will just keep to themselves. I only rent one room at a time, so if you rent this, I will be marking all my other listings as unavailable. I can provide additional services - Breakfast - 8$ per person Pickup from airport - 1 person only (25$) Private parking sPrivate room comfortably accommodates singles or couples. We are within walking distance to charming downtown Ballard or a 5 minute drive to Green Lake. We offer the comforts of a residential neighborhood, with major bus lines  right into downtown. Our home is perfectly nestled between the trendy Fremont, Phinney and Ballard neighborhoods. We offer the comfort of a residential neighborhood with walking access to all three must-see destinations in Seattle. Our home is bright and spacious with a yard in the front and a deck and fish pond in the back. We moved in November 2014 and have been slowly making it our own with bright colors and DIY art on the walls. Guests will have their own private room with shared used of the bathroom with us. We are flexible in terms of bathroom use and will defer to guests' schedule. We have two shelves in the bathroom reserved just for guests. In addition, guests are invited to chill on our back patio that overlooks a fish pond and even use the grill if thHeart of Ballard brand new townhome. Huge master bedroom (queen) + balcony with awesome view of Mt. Rainier on a clear day. Lots of light. Large well-stocked kitchen, large common area. Private bath + shared 1/2 bathroom. Lots of street parking. It's a beautiful brand new townhouse. The living room and kitchen pictures in the listing are with staged furniture. I have other furniture that is acceptable, but not as fancy looking. The house is slowly being updated with newer, more modern furniture, so please keep that in mind when you book.  Free Amazon Video available on TV. Extra queen air mattress available for extra guests. There are 2 people staying on the first floor that will share the common areas. They are friendly and will just keep to themselves. I only rent one room at a time, so if you rent this, I will be marking all my other listings as unavailable. I can provide additional services - Breakfast - 8$ per person Pickup from airport - 1 person only (25$) Private parking space Located in the friendly Ballard neighborhood and just two blocks from the Woodland Park Zoo, our studio apartment offers all the amenities of home. It is outfitted with a brand new king size memory foam mattress, a full bathroom, and its own kitchen.Charm and comfort in artsy Ballard/Fremont, just north of downtown Seattle! Privacy & room to spread out. Super convenient area: walk or bus to great restaurants/cafes, "brewery district", grocery stores, shops, and live music! Centrally located, this tidy home is set up to make your stay comfortable in a safe and walkable neighborhood. Nestled between the wonderful neighborhoods of Ballard, Fremont, and Woodland Park/Phinney/Greenlake, and 1 block from great bus lines straight to Downtown and the University District. This location is about a 5 min drive to most of our great Seattle area attractions, and about a 20 min drive to the airport and East-side suburbs. Great spot to enjoy all of Seattle's attractions! This immaculate one story home plus basement has been set up with comfortable furnishings. This little home has been thoughtfully furnished to make the best use of the central living room/kitchen space while providing a variety of cozy little separate spaces for sleeping. House Great room available in Ballard neighborhood in Seattle.  Private room with Queen bed, very clean.  Apartment has kitchen, large bathroom, wifi, cable TV, use of laptop.  One block to buses, 10 minutes to downtown.  Shops and grocery stores 2 blocks. This is your own private bedroom in an apartment in the neighborhood of Ballard, not far from downtown Seattle. Buses one block away, ten minutes to downtown Seattle.  Parks, beaches, stores, cafes, cinema, cultural arts are VERY close, you can walk or bus to everything!  Grocery and all kinds of stores within 5 minute walk.  Includes Wifi, cable tv, use of kitchen, and a cat :). Two night minimum please. Guests will have access to free WiFi, fully stocked kitchen (both cooking utensils and serving dishes), a clean full-size bathroom with tub, plus guests can use the living room (has cable TV) and dining room.  I will not do your dishes, though:) I'll interact as much (or as little) with my guests as they would like.   If my guests inquireOur duplex is bright with lots of windows and a porch view of the Olympics (!), prime for watching sunsets (not to mention a rad vintage wallpaper wall). There are 2 parking spaces, access to the 5 and 28 bus lines and a 2min walk to bars and coffee. A well furnished living room and kitchen will be available for your stay. The space is an old 70s duplex, so it's seen some love over the years. We still have the bright orange counters and mustard yellow sinks, which give a fun retro feel. One of our three furnished bedrooms will be available, depending on the date needed. The master bedroom has a queen size bed with it's own bathroom. The second bedroom has a queen-sized futon and opens onto the back deck which leads into our garden.  The third has a nice twin bed with fun decor. Both bathrooms have their own bath/shower that will be equipped with towels. We are a short walk or drive away from Phinney Ridge, Greenwood, and downtown Ballard. If you want to venture further, public transit Our little big house, is located in the Fremont neighborhood. We have a cozy 3 bedroom home with 2 bathrooms and an office.  We are close to all that Seattle has to offer. Our friendly, yet aloff cat, Luna, will be here to greet you. Our cozy home is located in a quiet neighborhood close to everything Seattle has to offer. We have a queen sized bed and two twins. A queen sized air mattress is also available. Very little in person interaction. Available via email, text or phone.Enjoy the comfort and quirks of Ballard in a cozy and clean 1bd garden apartment on a block of storybook brick homes. Easy walk to restaurants and activities. Quick commute by car, bus or bike to downtown, South Lake Union, or UW.  This is a modest but clean basement apartment in a family-occupied home. The space includes one bedroom, small and open living room and kitchen with eating space for two, and 3/4 bath. There is off-street parking from the alley and room for bike storage in the garage. Guests are welcome to use the backyard deck and patio -- especially nice on summer evenings to take in the sunset views!  We are in and out of the house a lot with work, school, and kid activities--but we are always available by text if you need anything!  Ballard is such a fabulous neighborhood! Our house is close enough to enjoy Ballard's shops, restaurants, and easy bus commutes to everywhere---yet its quiet street of single-family homes makes it removed enough for peaceful evenings and restVery lovely and cozy room for one. Conveniently located in the heart of the historic Ballard neighborhood in northwest Seattle. A two-minute walk to Rapid Ride bus route whisks you to Downtown or North Seattle. Very lovely and cozy room for one. Conveniently located in the heart of the historic This location is amazingly convenient, you will be close to all of the shops and restaurants on Market Street, as well as the Ballard Locks, Fishermen's Terminal, Golden Gardens Park and Green Lake. And it's just a short hop to the University of Washington.       The room itself, and that goes for the entire house, is filled with original art works. The owner, a professional oil painter, uses her home as a gallery and studio. You can get acquainted with the local arts scene in the comfort of your own room.        The room is private, on the lower level of a three-story townhouse, and has its own bathroom and shower, refrigerator, microwave oven, electric tea kettle, Plus, there's private access The room offered is a soft blue inside with a glass door that leads to a porch with stairs down to our garden and raspberry bushes. The rest of the apartment is open to you. We will leave out towels. There is laundry in our apartment and refrigerator space.Heart of Ballard new townhome with 4 BRs + balcony with brilliant view of Mt. Rainier on a clear day. Plenty of light, large well-stocked kitchen, plenty of space. 2.5 Bathrooms. Minimalist, modern decor. 1 Off-street parking spot, plenty on street. It's beautiful brand new townhouse, tastefully decorated in a modern style. It has large common areas, and a fabulous kitchen. The entire home is available for guess access. There is a small backyard, and garden area around the townhouse. There is also an off-street parking spot available in the middle of the property. I am available via phone/text at all times during the day, though please give up to an hour to respond to non-emergency inquiries. I can also give you a detailed guide to Seattle as well as tons of great food/drink recommendations depending on where your interests lie. I can be completely hands-off of as well, if that is what is desired. Prices are set by a dynamic pricing service that changes prices every midnight based on sTen microbreweries in just five square miles of my home. Downtown Ballard is a short walk away. Large south facing sunny porch. Foodies will love the many delicious restaurants, coffee shops, and cupcake stops. Rental comes with 2 cruiser bicycles.  My home was built in 1903 during the boom of ethnically Scandinavian seafaring community! I have lived in my home for 10 years where I have modernized and remodeled my home to a cozy dwelling.  GueEntire homest have access to large south facing porch. 2 vintage cruiser bicycles. Private parking spot in front of garage on street level. Cozy inside home with wifi, stereo, gas fireplace, office nook, modern kitchen with gas stove, dishwasher, bedroom with ceiling fan, modern bathroom with on star never not hot water, mudroom with washer/dryer with utility sink and small backyard.  I can stash a key for you or meet you day of. Its your rental if you have question during your stay i am a phone call/text or email away.  Walking or biking is my prTwo story duplex, with one bedroom with a Queen bed and bath upstairs and one bedroom with a Queen bed and bath downstairs.  There's another small room with another small bed that sleeps one.  There's a pull-out couch upstairs that sleeps two and a pull-out couch downstairs that sleeps two. There's a entertainment room downstairs with a TV and an upstairs living room with a TV.  We have a spacious backyard with a BBQ. Wifi and cable. There's parking right out side the house on the street.The hostess introduced the Bed and Breakfast concept to the Northwest in 1981 and has since made Thousands of guests happy while providing a superior lodging, loved by all who return year after year.  Welcome! You have found the Best Value in Seattle.  We have been hosting guests from around the world for many years.The guests enjoy a private entrance, offstreet parking, a 720 sq.ft. apartment with a Queen bedroom with room for two, not more.  A new Beautyrest Mattress will help you have a restful sleep. It is the first level of a large 1918 Craftsman house with a desk area , free Wi-Fi, cable flatscreen TV, daily maid service, fresh flowers, fine bathroom amenities,a tiled shower, chocolates on your down pillow.  a kitchenette, coffee and teas provided .  Two grocery stores are within one mile from the suite.There is NO breakfast food provided. Hair dryer, iron and ironing board, a library of local guide and other books as well as help from the hostess on what to do and see and  OrigiClean home in wonderful, family-friendly location in the heart of a great neighborhood.  Breweries, pubs, restaurants, and cool shopping, as well as (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Adobe, and other great companies in between Ballard and Fremont, all within walki Clean and upscale home in wonderful, family-friendly location in the heart of a great neighborhood.  Breweries, pubs, restaurants, and cool shopping, as well as (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Adobe, and other great companies in between Ballard and Fremont, all within walking distance.  This private home offers wonderful outdoor space in a fun neighborhood with plenty of shops, restaurants and entertainment. 5 minutes from downtown, Lake Union, Queen Anne, Ballard, Capitol Hill, and the University of Washington....this house is perfect for groups and families looking to make the most out of Seattle.  We are happy to accommodate families with younger kids and larger groups requiring extra beds. Plenty of parking off-street, laundry, dThe apartment is located in a friendly neighborhood with great restaurants and breweries. The apartment is cool in the Summer and cozy in the Winter. Wifi and smart tv with Netflix and Directv with NFL Sunday Ticket for your pleasure. Your apartment is 800 sq ft large and immaculately clean! Bedroom features a queen size pillow top bed with plenty of pillows and 300 thread count sheets, walk-in closet and a large window that opens to the private yard. Living room has a Dania sofa bed to snuggle up near the fireplace, this is a real working fireplace! We also provide a 3" memory foam topper for the sofa bed which makes it super comfortable as a second bed. The armoire houses a brand new 32" LED SMART TV with Netflix streaming through wifi (included at no charge) and Directv with NFL Sunday Ticket. Attached blu ray DVD player picture is amazing! Bathroom features a large Jacuzzi tub/shower. We provide complimentary body wash, towels, hand soap and toilet paper (up to a weeks worth). The This 300 sq foot studio is located in our backyard garden in Ballard. Decorated with an eclectic flair with a private garden sitting space. Easy access to public transit has street parking and walking friendly. Great location for a quiet visit! Space Make yourself at home in our private backyard 300 sq. foot studio in east Ballard (lower Phinney). This eclectic space reflects our passion for travel and simplicity. Located in our backyard garden this detached studio has a comfortable double bed (linens, towels, shampoo, body lotion, hair dryer, yoga mat, and iron included). This open floor plan with bathroom with shower (no tub) and kitchenette (includes, coffee pot, single electric burner, microwave, toaster oven, small frig and tea pot, coffee and tea). We have Wi-Fi access and a monitor available to download/stream films or TV shows from your personal computers. We live in the front house and offer a sitting area in the garden just outside of the studio doors.  We recommend the studiHeart of Ballard brand new townhome 2 Bedrooms (1 queen, 1 full size), plenty of light. Large well-stocked kitchen, plenty of space. 1 Private full bathroom. Common areas shared with 2 other people on 1st floor (1/2 extra bath). It's a beautiful brand new townhouse. The living room and kitchen pictures in the listing are with staged furniture. I have other furniture that is acceptable, but not as fancy looking. The house is slowly being updated with newer, more modern furniture, so please keep that in mind when you book.  Free Amazon Video available on TV. Extra queen air mattress available for extra guests. There are 2 people staying on the first floor that will share the common areas. They are friendly and will just keep to themselves. I only rent one room at a time, so if you rent this, I will be marking all my other listings as unavailable. I can provide additional services - Breakfast - 8$ per person Pickup from airport - 1 person only (25$) Private parking space - 5$ All common aEnjoy this spacious private apartment while exploring Seattle. Conveniently located between Fremont & Ballard and minutes away from Green Lake, Golden Gardens, The Zoo. Great walkability and an easy 10 minute bus ride to/from downtown. We kindly request a two night minimum and encourage you to have a full profile with photo.  We'd appreciate knowing a little bit about you and the reason for your visit; especially if you do not have a full profile or reviews from other hosts established. Thank you for your understanding.  Daylight lower level 1 bedroom apartment with separate entrance, boasts 650sq ft. of living space with a full kitchen, including coffee maker (with coffee).  Offering a comfy queen bed plus a convertible sofa.  The sofa bed will sleep 1 adult comfortably.  We also have an air mattress on hand which will sleep 1 guest (if needed). This is a completely separate apartment with the only shared space being the laundry room access. Plenty of amazing bars, restaurants, coffeeThis 1940s one bedroom duplex is located in East Ballard, mere feet from bus lines. Sleeps two or four with full size sofa bed. Walking distance from Ballard Market, Veraci Pizza, Slate Coffee, a super hip pub and 4 different Micro-Breweries. This 1940's cottage has all original fixtures and finishes. Furnished with mid-century and vintage pieces, including original Nelson Bubble Lights. Fully stocked kitchen, including locally roasted coffee and a few beers in the kitchen. Queer friendly. Bedroom with queen foam mattress, custom headboard and large closet. Living room with full size sofa bed. Vintage stereo with MP3 hookup. Full kitchen. Private patio. Washer and dryer onsite, including detergent. We use all eco-friendly cleaning products. We live in the neighborhood and are available if needed. Ballard is quintessential Seattle. Only 10 minutes from downtown, but feels like it's own city. Great shopping, nightlife, and some of the best restaurants in the country. Home to 10+ award wiThis charming, comfortable old world apartment - full of unique details - boxed ceilings, vintage detailing, wood floors throughout - will be your haven after a day of visiting Seattle. My home has original, 100 year old wood detailing throughout, window seats and boxed ceilings. It is a beautiful space.  I'll provide you with delicious baked goods, yogurt, juice, milk, coffee and tea when you arrive.  (This is a completely separate apartment with the only shared space being the laundry room.) My quiet neighborhood location is close to bus routes, the Burke Gilman bike trail and is just a 20 minute walk to downtown Ballard. In Ballard you'll discover fabulous bars and restaurants, a wonderful Sunday farmers market, a cinema, our library and much, much more. To the east is Fremont which boasts everything from a statue of Lenin to our very own troll. From my home you can access all the fantastic Ballard restaurants and new neighborhood gems that seem to pop up daily.  Also Fremont, (5 miCentrally located quintessential Ballard Craftsman home. Walk to the ever growing and changing Ballard Ave, 5 local breweries, several new and fun restaurants, our neighborhood park or Woodland Park Zoo.  And, downtown Seattle is 10 minutes away! This is a beautiful home with guest access on the private, entire main floor. There are two bedrooms, one bathroom, a living room with a pull out sleeper (memory foam mattress!), living room, full kitchen, and linen closet. The cosy living room has a gas fireplace, a large swing out TV that's flat against the wall, a couch, and chase. The kitchen includes an island, coffee maker, toaster, blender, fridge with purified water, microwave, d/w, and oven. Ask us about our wine and craft brewery add-ons!  We've been fortunate enough to share many glasses and stories with some of the areas great wine makers and brew masters.  We'd love to give you the Washington wine and brewery experience, and guide you through some delicious juice and hops. Live thOur basement apartment is a lovely home away from home. We are walking distance to 16 breweries, wineries and distilleries as well as the great neighborhoods of Fremont and Ballard. Easy to get to downtown, the waterfront, and South Lake Union. Plenty of parking and kid friendly.It has a southern facing view so it has the optimal advantage for daylight.  A few block from tons of shops, restaurants, breweries, distilleries, parks, and music venues.  The neighborhood is classy and well connected with major and minor bus lines.Private bedroom (queen bed), with walk in closet and private bathroom, on your own floor of a beautiful modern home. Washer Dryer, Cable, Wifi all available.Women Only: This cozy room with ensuite bathroom and  kitchenette, opens onto a private Northwest garden. House is located on a quiet street, 1 block from major bus lines, 8 blocks from Ballard's hip downtown. 12 minute drive from downtown Seattle. There is a private bathroom in the room and an adjacent kitchenette (microwave, Keurig coffee/tea maker, and small frig) just for you.  There is wi-fi throughout the house.  The bed (twin XL) is brand new, purchased just for airbnb! Sealy Posturepedic with pillow top--this is one darned comfortable bed made up with Egyptian linens and Scandia down comforter or fine blanket, depending on the season.  I am an author and work at home. I have a small, very affectionate dog named Louis. He is a Bichon Frise (they are hair, not fur) so he is hypoallergenic.  There is easy, free, safe, on-street parking 24 hours a day. Women Only: As a chef, I am often recipe-testing in the kitchen on the 2nd floor. So I ask guests to limit their food preparation tGreat view of the Olympic Mountains. The hill slopes away offering an overview of the neighborhood to the west. On sunny days (I know, this is Seattle) it's great to sit in the afternoon sun looking out toward Ballard Harbor and salmon fleet. Two bedroom daylight basement apartment with fireplace, laundry and parking. Large living room overlooks the Ballard fishing fleet harbor and Ballard bridge. Quiet. Safe. Restaurants, coffee house, pizza and shopping within blocks. Central Ballard, Fremont and Phinney Ridge a short bike ride away. Full kitchen at your disposal. In-house washer and drier. Private kitchen. WiFi. Xfinity. Flat screen, cable TV. Assigned, covered parking and additional, easy street parking. Local coffee house, restaurant and pizza = 4 blocks away. Mark or Bryan can meet you at the property to welcome you or we can give you a secure door code for 24/7 entry. We have an extensive collection of Seattle activity brochures and detailed instructions for Xfinity, WiFi, the lPrivate bedroom (queen bed), with walk in closet and your own bathroom, on your own floor of beautiful, newly constructed modern townhome (built in 2009). Access to fully stocked kitchen, washer/dryer as well in house. You will have access to your own floor of a modern, 2 BR townhouse, in the center of the Ballard Brewing District. In addition to a floor with just the guest bedroom, there is a bathroom with shower, as well as a walk in closet. 3 blocks from 6 breweries, 5 blocks from Fred Meyer, 1 block from major bus line. Located on a quiet street with plenty of street parking. Guests will have access to the entire house except the master bed/bath, which is on the third floor. On the first floor is the guest room/bath, on the second floor is a combined Kitchen/Living Room/Dining Room. On the third floor is a washer/dryer which guests will have access to. The kitchen is fully stocked with whatever you would need to use. I'm a software developer, working normal business hours in downtoLocated in tranquil Ballard. Close to bus lines. Safe on-street parking. Unit boasts queen-size bed, large closet and dresser, full bath and nicely appointed kitchen.  Dining area for three; convertible couch; Olympics view. Easy walk to Ballard. Though larger than an actual one, our unique apartment is in the shape of a caboose.  This is a comfortable, private getaway in Seattle's trendiest neighborhood. The apartment has one bedroom with a queen bed and a convertible couch suitable for a child. With a private entrance, the apartment is completely separate from the owner's house. Guests have free use of the deck and access to the backyard patio and furniture.  Stays of 4+ nights include option of washer/dryer. Apartment has plenty of brochures suggesting all sorts of activities.  Owners are long-time Seattle residents with ideas to share. Close to Slate Coffee, Brimmer & Heeltap, Veraci Pizza, the apartment is  within easy walking distance to Ballard, Woodland Park and Greenlake. We aPrivate, sunny bedroom and bathroom in upstairs of Ballard Craftsman.  Quiet but hip neighborhood with easy access to Seattle's best places. This is a quiet, roomy, clean and sunny upstairs space in classic Ballard craftsman house.  Skylights, new carpet, desk for working, closet and dresser and queen pillowtop bed.  Very private for being in a shared house.  Linens and towels provided. You will have entire second floor to yourself, as well as use of back porch.  I live on main floor which is not a shared space.  Light use of kitchen is fine (making coffee/tea or storing things in fridge).  Washer and dryer in basement available if needed. I prefer to meet guests in person at check-in if possible.  I'm happy to answer questions, and provide directions or suggestions if needed.  I also have a busy lifestyle, so we may not see  each other much. Ballard has plenty to offer on it's own (house is walking distance to foodie restaurants, coffee shops, dive bars).  Also close to lots of SeattlThis is a 1957 El Rey, cousin of the Airstream. It has been completely refurbished with new everything. It's like a fort for grownups. Let your inner child finally have the vacation of his or her dreams... in my backyard! Now's your chance to get away from it all, right here in the heart of the city. This is a 27' 1957 El Rey. It has been completely renovated with modern amenities, a private bathroom, shower and kitchen. No TV (hallelujah!) but we do have wireless internet, hot water, a refrigerator and plenty of space for storage and comfort. The El Rey is secure and private in my backyard. Once I greet you and let you in, the place is yours and I'm not nosey. I'll be there if you need me but otherwise, relax, have fun and enjoy the quiet seclusion of urban camping in retro-style. Generally, I work from home and can answer questions and offer dining, coffee and entertainment suggestions with many options within walking distance. For a small fee, I can also drive you around, give toursEnjoy lovely Ballard apt (in a triplex) - quite, full daylight basement with unique furniture/decorations and books and games galore! Perfect for your trip to Seattle! Quite, clean, not cluttered, lots of books, all the amenities, lovely urban garden - if it's in season, help yourself! Full use of the apartment and yard. This place is only available when I'm gone, so you'll have it to yourself with a lockbox for access. Quiet neighborhood and very walkable to grocery stores, restaurants and night life, excellent coffee, farmers markets, parks, bike trail. Easy bus to Seattle Center, Downtown, sports stadiums, U-District and Seattle Pacific. Bus stop just down the street will take you to downtown and airport. (One block away!). Driveway parking (one space) plus street parking.Enjoy your stay in an artsy loft. This quirky split level house has a sun room crafting space, lofted kitchen with a view, and private room complete with a costume closet. Plus coffeeshop, restaurant, beer garden and bus lines are a block away. The house is split into three units. I live in the back upstairs unit. On the main floor is the sunroom living room and the rest is upstairs. The roof top view, cozy sunroom, and artsy quirks make this place a real treat. Not to mention the added bonus of getting to watch the sun set behind the Olympics from the roof top deck. I am an artsy gal and so is my roommate Kerri. We always have lots of art projects happening in and around the house. You'll be living amongst the costumed mannequins, beheaded barbie dolls, and toy capsule prize machine. Guest will have access to the whole back loft of the house. This includes first floor sunroom and laundry and second floor kitchen, bath, 1 bedroom (on the right upstairs), and rooftop deck. You'll share This craftsmen style home was rebuilt in 2005 and has lots of open space (9-13 ft ceilings),   a huge deck in a private garden and a big front porch; ideal for hosting events such as family reunions. Ballard bars and restaurants only 2 blocks away ! The guests will have access to the entire house except for the garage.  Street parking is available (usually 3-4 slots)  During your stay we will not be in town. We will be available via email / phone / text and if there is a issue we will send someone to take care of it.  East Ballard is a quiet neighborhood about 4 miles north of Seattle Center and 1 mile east of active Ballard Ave. Seattle's best beach (Golden Gardens) is about 10 min drive away. Bus 28 stops just around the corner on 8th Ave and takes you downtown : (URL HIDDEN)Eclectic, modern studio in Ballard's newly coined "Brewery District". Incredible access to food, entertainment & parks. 2-blocks to transit downtown, Fremont, University. Accessible ground floor with large bathroom, kitchenette, W/D. Sm. dogs okay.  Our unique building in Ballard's rapidly changing industrial district, is a 2-floor mixed-use building that started as a 1905 home.  Over the last 15 years, we've converted it into both our home (upstairs) and several rental units (ground floor). We've tried to be true to the building's history, but also the neighborhoods industrial and modern edge.  The studio for rent is a newly constructed, light-filled unit on the ground floor in the back of the lot.  Access to Ballard, Fremont and downtown Seattle is a huge bonus of this location.  In around 15 minutes you can be down at the Aquarium, over to the world-class Woodland Park Zoo or at the UW campus.  It is perfect for biking with quick access to the Burke-Gilman trail.  We are a stone's tThis modern, light-filled home is comfortable and inviting. With its soaring ceilings and simple finishes, it has a clean, uncluttered aesthetic and is a nice place to unwind after a long day exploring Seattle. A private, light-filled, second-floor room with private full bath in a new 1,915/sf home. This house is Seattle's first net-zero-energy dwelling, meaning it produces all its own power via solar panels on the roof. Featuring an airy, spacious open plan, the house has comfy radiant-heat floors and reclaimed wide-plank wood floors upstairs. The house is located in Seattle's popular Ballard neighborhood and is within walking distance of great restaurants and cafes, the zoo, and other amenities. Ballard Locks, Golden Gardens Park are also nearby. Bus to downtown one block away. High-speed wireless internet available. Guest bedroom, private guest bathroom. There is a bus stop a block away.Charming Old World Seattle Craftsman Home with Spectacular Views of the City, Ballard Ship Canal, and Sunset over the Olympic Penninsula! Charming Old World Craftsman Home located conveniently within minutes of downtown Seattle, near everything the city has to offer. Nestled amongst the three distinct & neighborhoods of Fremont, Ballard, & Phinney Ridge.  Each neighborhood is within walking distance of the home & each offers unique characteristics, bustling with Restaurants, Cafes, Pubs, Bookstores, Boutique Shops, Grocery, Farmers Markets & much more!  Near main city transit.  Spectacular western mountain, sunset, and Space Needle views. Full window french door out to private, deck with hot tub, BBQ & stunning sunset & mountain views.  Two kitchens, hardwood floors & old world charm, in this updated 1917 beautiful craftsman home.  Cable, Wireless Internet.  Ample on-site parking & in-house laundry. The Home Offers: The first part of the home offers 3 bedrooms, 1 bath, kitchen, living Fall Special! Enjoy some great savings! Our sunny 3BR/1.5BA house in Seattle's Ballard neighborhood is close to lots of trendy spots and family-friendly fun, including the zoo and watersports at Green Lake. Just a 15-minute bus ride from downtown! Fall Special! Enjoy some great savings from now until the end of the year! Feel right at home in our 3BR/1.5BA house in the family-friendly and thriving Ballard neighborhood, a 15-minute bus ride from downtown Seattle. With its elegant coved ceilings, warm hardwood floors throughout, and comfortable indoor and outdoor space, your group of up to 6 will have no trouble settling in.  Lots of activities are just a walk or short bus ride away! We're a mile from the Woodland Park Zoo and close to the Ballard Locks, where you can watch boats pass through.  INSIDE THE HOUSE Enter into the living space, tastefully appointed with lots of plush seating and a wall-mounted flat screen TV. Enjoy your own vacation playlists thanks to handy iPhone speakers. Very light, spacious but quiet and cozy room for two. Conveniently located in the heart of the historic Ballard area.You will be close to all of the shops restaurants, parks and other attractions Ballard can offer.  Very light, spacious but  cozy and quiet room for two. Conveniently located in the heart of the historic Ballard.You will be close to all of the shops and restaurants on Market Street, as well as the Ballard Locks, Fishermen's Terminal, Golden Gardens Park and Green Lake. And it's just a short hop to the University of Washington.  The room itself, and that goes for the entire house, is filled with original art works. The owner, a professional oil painter, uses her home as a gallery and studio. You can get acquainted with the local arts scene in the comfort of your own room.  The room is private, on the third level of a three-story townhouse, and has its own bathroom and shower, electric tea kettle.   We will provide a continental breakfast of fruit, snacks and coffee you wiA private mini home away from home in the heart of one of Seattle's Best Neighborhoods! Enjoy your own private mini-home while exploring Seattle.  Conveniently located just blocks from downtown Ballard and an easy 15 minute bus ride from downtown, this quaint yet roomy space is perfect for out of town guests and vacationers.   The 250 square foot space enjoys its own deck space and hot tub.  French doors fully open to the deck to create an indoor/outdoor great room with plenty of outdoor seating. It has a mini kitchen with a 2-burner stove with a mini fridge, microwave, sink and kitchen essentials.  This includes cooking supplies like pans, plates, oil, salt and pepper etc.  We also have a Keirig Coffee Maker with a generous supply of K-Cups. The newly remodeled bath includes a shower with on-demand water.  There is a storage closet in the bath for clothes and extra linens.  If you are staying longer than three days, I will provide fresh towels and linens for you upon request.   The beThe suite is two bedrooms and a full bath and is very private. Our home is walking distance to restaurants, coffee shops and the grocery store in Ballard.  It is a modern new home built in 2012. I will interact as much or as little as you would like. A ten minute walk to downtown Ballard. Two bedrooms and a full bath. A private "suite" in the downstairs of my home. I will interact as much or as little as you like. Ballard is a Scandinavian fishing village. We are very close to the the water. The bus is less than a block away. I have a sweet dog named Sophie.Large bedroom w/queen bed on the upper floor & private bath + bonus twin bed option for 3rd person.  Enjoy your morning coffe in the lovely private back garden. Walking distance to downtown Ballard. Easy bus access to downtown and the U of W. You will enjoy a large upper floor bedroom with queen bed.  The bath has both tub and shower.  The third person will have a single bed under a sloping ceiling.  You are welocme to share the quiet back yard with an assortment of birds. You are welcome to use the kitchen.  Coffee available, make yourself a quick breakfast or cook a piece of  fresh salmon for dinner. Frig space available. Please let me know if you want/need anything.  I love my neighborhood and want your visit to be enjoyable.  I am happy to recommend local things to see and do. Ballard is a trendy neighborhood in the heart of Seattle. It's a wonderful area and very safe. There are many resturants, (nice variety of ethnic foods) live music, shopping, and THE hot area for  breweries. You will adore this corner basement apartment with large windows that soak in the Seattle sunset. Funky mosaic stairs lead to your own cozy suite with king-sized bed located just 1 mile from downtown Fremont, Ballard, or Phinney! The Suite on the Ridge houses one bedroom, a multipurpose room (kitchenette and sleeper couch), and three-quarter bath. It is about 450SF in total. There are large picture windows to draw in every drop of light. This basement apartment has it's own private entrance and patio. If you need a packNplay, or high chair, we can provide that, just let us know! You will have access to the backyard, patio, and apartment. We are happy to discuss laundry options if needed. We can be available for help and to answer questions only when asked. We are right upstairs but respect your space and privacy. Frelard, as it is known, is a wonderful neighborhood on a ridge giving views of the Olympic mountains and the Puget Sound. Walk to ample breweries and restaurants off Leary orA bright craftsman cottage with modern charm in the middle of Seattle's great neighborhoods, Fremont and Ballard. Easily enjoy the trails and ales of Seattle by foot, bike, or bus. Room for 2 in the cozy, sunny space.  Our backyard cottage is a quiet spot for up to 2 people to call home during your visit to lovely Seattle - a bright, cozy, and modern 1b/1b with a private entrance for you to come and go as you please. The cottage is heated to keep you warm. French doors open to the side yard, with built-in benches to enjoy your morning beverages or take in the fresh air.  We provide linens, bath products, a hair dryer, wifi, an electric kettle, tea/instant coffee, a mini-fridge, local brews, and the use of a bike to help you get around while you're here.  We're usually either working, playing, or hanging with our Golden Retriever, Gravy. We'll keep to ourselves, and let you enjoy your peace and quiet!  "Frellard" is the heart of 2 of Seattle's great neighborhoods - we're located in the I have a basement rec room with two (URL HIDDEN) is about the size of a twin bed, when folded down...the other is slightly smaller. Very humble accommodations, with a shared bathroom upstairs. Humble space, but clean and located close to downtown Seattle. It's definitely a budget listing. You'll have access to the downstairs basement rec room and the upstairs bathroom. Everything else is shared space. You can enter with a temp code through the garage, or through the front door. I'll be in and out but will generally engage at a minimum. E.g. Make sure all your needs are met, coordinate, cordial conversation, etc. Awesome neighborhood! Ballard is a fun place to be! Tons of great restaurants bars Very close to major bus lines - about 4 blocks from a major bus stop. You're welcome to use the kitchen to store small quantities of food....but not for significant food preparation. Coffee and cereal fine. Scrambled eggs, not so much .Our quaint & cozy detached cottage is a private oasis in Ballard, a neighborhood just north of downtown Seattle. It comfortably sleeps 4 adults or a family of 5. Quiet yet within walking distance to restaurants, shops, bus lines, cafes and brew pubs. Our cozy cottage is nestled in our quiet and serene backyard. It has a separate entrance, a main room with a gas fireplace and a curtained bedroom area and sitting area. The kitchen is equipped with stove, oven, microwave, toaster and coffee maker. There is an additional room for sleeping, watching movies or playing darts! It is ideal for singles, couples and families. Beds include a luxury queen, a full size pull-out sleeper, a twin bed and two spare twin mattresses. We designed the space for flexibility. Move furniture as needed to accommodate games, projects, entertaining, poker, slumber parties, or reading by the fire. We also have  a washer/dryer, so it's great for long-term stays. The cottage has its own entrance and is completely seCrow's Nest Cottage is a brand new, free standing home located in our backyard in the Fremont neighborhood. We are close to 16 microbreweries, the Burke Gilman Trail, Ballard Locks and many more attractions.  Easy access to I5, 99 and bus stops. This is a brand new cozy cottage with a loft bedroom and a futon on the lower level. The kitchen is well stocked. Guests have access to the whole cottage and a small patio area. Parking is free on the street. Key box available for 24 hour check in. We are usually available to help with anything you need and are happy to provide recommendations for restaurants, sight seeing, transportation, or any other questions you may have about the neighborhood or Seattle. Fremont is considered the "Center of the Universe". We are located centrally near 16 breweries, restaurants, and attractions. The Ballard and Fremont neighborhoods are both within walking distance and Downtown Seattle is a short bus ride away. We are also just a few blocks from the Burke-GNewly remodeled home in wonderful, family-friendly location in the heart of a great neighborhood.  Breweries, pubs, restaurants, and cool shopping,  in between Ballard and Fremont, all with in walking distance to explore!  Clean and newly remodeled home in wonderful, family-friendly location in the heart of a great neighborhood.  Breweries, pubs, restaurants, and cool shopping, as well as (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Adobe, and other great companies in between Ballard and Fremont, all within walking distance.  This private home offers wonderful outdoor space in a fun neighborhood with plenty of shops, restaurants and entertainment. 5 minutes from downtown, Lake Union, Queen Anne, Ballard, Capitol Hill, and the University of Washington....this house is perfect for groups and families looking to make the most out of Seattle.  We are happy to accommodate families with younger kids and larger groups requiring extra beds. Plenty of parking off-street, laundry, dishwasher, extra fold-out douThis new 1,915/sf 3-bedroom home is Seattle's first net-zero-energy dwelling, meaning it produces all its own power via solar panels on the roof.  Featuring an airy, spacious open plan, the house has comfy radiant-heat floors, reclaimed wide-plank wood floors upstairs, and a big kitchen with Viking range and additional seating at the bartop. The house is located in Seattle's popular Ballard neighborhood and is within walking distance of great restaurants and cafes, the zoo, and other amenities. Ballard Locks, Golden Gardens Park are also nearby. Bus to downtown one block away. High-speed wireless internet available. There are two bedrooms with queen-size beds and a spare room with an inflatable full-size bed. Photos of the house courtesy of Bright House Images.Centrally located minutes from downtown Ballard, Woodland Park Zoo, Green Lake, Golden Gardens, the Locks, local bars and restaurants. This separate entrance apartment is bright and cheery with private patio. Enjoy large backyard deck and garden. Private entrance with lock box, on-site parking, patio with bistro table/chair just outside, deck above with surrounding garden. Variety of books for your reading pleasure and games and puzzles. Access to washer and dryer upon request, full kitchen for longer stays - microwave, refrigerator and hot water kettle available in apartment. Deck and garden. We live upstairs and are happy to provide information about Ballard and Seattle, and to answer questions. Quiet neighborhood and very walkable to grocery stores, restaurants and night life, excellent coffee, farmers markets, parks, bike trail. Easy bus to Seattle Center, Downtown, sports stadiums, U-District and Seattle Pacific. #28 bus or #28 Express bus to downtown; #44 to the University DistriNew construction modern townhouse with full rooftop views of mountains, steps to local brewery's, blocks from hiking/biking trails.  This location is perfect to enjoy Ballard and 5 miles from downtown Seattle. 1600 Sq feet of living space + full rooftop deck Parks, tennis courts, hiking, and bikingGorgeous professionally decorated suite in 1924 renovated Craftsman in the heart of downtown Queen Anne Hill, Seattle. Suite is complete with queen size bed with luxurious linens, full office space, sitting area with 50" TV, and heated floors throughout. Walk to dozens of restaurants, theatre, shopping. As a fellow traveler to over 75 countries, I understand what makes an ordinary stay a special experience. From chocolates on your pillow, fresh flowers, home made granola and plenty of local information, no details are overlooked.  The location couldn't be better with just a short stroll to dozens of restaurants, boutiques, and coffee shops. South Lake Union is just a 10-15 minute walk as is Seattle Center which includes the ballet, opera, and the theatre. The Gates Foundation is only a 5 minute walk and half a dozen bus lines stop just a block away from the suite.  The Suite itself is an entire level in a 1924 renovated Craftsman home. It has been professionally decorated and includes This bedroom is yours and it comes with the shared common space. You have storage and the ability to walk or bus downtown within 10-15 minutes. The Seattle center and the Space Needle are just a few minutes walking. This is a great apartment in a great neighborhood. The Seattle center (5 min walk) has parks, festivals, an Opera, the Experimental Music Project, the Space Needle, the Key Arena, the Pacific Center, the Chihuly Garden and Glass Museum and more than I can list You have access to the private room which has a twin bed and its storage as well as the living room. The bathroom is spacious and the second sink is yours. You can cook or use anything you like from the kitchen aside from the good, though you are welcome to use spices. Access to the apartment comes with Wireless, Maps and a set of towel Please let me know in advance what time you would like to check in so I can make arrangements. I will meet you and give you access to the apartment. The hub of Lower Queen Anne is contWelcome to Seattle! We are pleased to offer our spacious private guest room, including a separate private entrance, a king sized bed, and dedicated bath. Walking distance to Fremont neighborhood restaurants and nightlife. Hello! We look forward to hosting you! Enjoy this convenient location near downtown Seattle. Come and go as you please through your own separate entrance into a spacious private bedroom that comfortably fits two. You'll have this ground level floor all to yourself in our two-story townhouse. Enjoy a gorgeous KING sized bed with brand new 'Consumer Reports' Mattress Of The Year' award winning mattress, soft white linens and alternative down comforter. Room includes a mini fridge and microwave for your convenience. You have your own private bathroom with sink and tub shower, towels, soap and shampoo/conditioner and hair dryer. Free, private laundry machines on your floor  included should you need to wash your clothes. Free WiFi Enjoy the free use of our two bicycles! WiDream location with private patio, separate entrance, and Space Needle views. Walk to local food, coffee, and cultural attractions. Near monorail, light-rail, and bus lines for easy access anywhere in the city. Welcome to your home away from home. This spacious (600 sq. ft.) one-bedroom apartment is the bottom floor of our custom built house, which was lovingly created with guest lodging in mind.  Inspired by modern European design with a pinch of downhome hospitality. You'll enjoy the radiant heat floors, well appointed furnishings, Sub-Zero and Miele appliances…. and fresh eggs with bread and jam.  •Full Size kitchen with everything you need to cook a meal including basic staples (spices, oil, & condiments) •Full sized bathroom •Iron & ironing board  •Easy street parking  •Private patio with BBQ Guests have access to wifi, full kitchen, TV with cable, heated floors throughout, We're available by text, phone or email should you need anything. But mostly, we'll let you have your space.This quiet, bright room is perfect for you.  You'll enjoy your own bathroom (with a tub if you'd like to soak) and have access to a great kitchen and spacious living room.  Make a smoothie and watch the sunrise or explore the city! We have a lanai facing the east that offers beautiful views of the sun rising over the mountains and lake. The open living room and kitchen are perfect for playing and relaxing. The kitchen is stocked with the essentials and the neighborhood is both quiet and close to everything. Walk down the hill to enjoy Fremont or head to Belltown. We're right on major buslines and there is bike/car parking available. We have two bedrooms and two bathrooms. One bathtub. A fireplace. A blender. An aeropress. An ukulele. Lots of exercise balls. Lower Queen Anne is quiet, but it's easy to get to frisky Fremont and Ballard for fabulous food and nightlife. We're also close to the Amazon campus and downtown. I'm happy to recommend places to go. There is street parking around mThis cool and modern one bedroom apartment has a 16' deck with a unique view of Lake Union and Gas Works Park. Centrally located near downtown Seattle Fremont Capitol Hill and Ballard. Next to the Burke Gilman bike trail. Furnished with full kitchen.Beautifully appointed craftsman home at the top of Queen Anne hill is a perfect location for travelers. Walk to restaurants and stores on Queen Anne Avenue; walk to Seattle Center attractions; take the express bus downtown in 10 minutes. 1ST FLOOR: •   Spacious living room with wood-burning fireplace, 46" flat-panel LCD with surround sound, DVD/CD player, iPhone/iPod dock. •   Modern kitchen with all new appliances is fully equipped with place settings for 10, glasses, pots & pans, all basic small appliances. •   Dining room with handmade 9-foot farmhouse dining table seats 10. 2ND FLOOR: •   Bedroom #1 has one queen bed, walk-in closet, dresser, and en suite full bathroom with tub. •   Bedroom #2 has one queen bed, desk, reading chair, walk-in closet, built-in dresser. •   Bedroom #3 has two twin beds, walk-in closet, built-in dresser, well-stocked bookcase. •   Hall bathroom has a heated floor, double sink and double shower (no tub). AMENITIES: •   High-speed wifi •   Free Roku, NetfThe place is conveniently located close to bus stop and walking distance to Seattle downtown and Fremont with great view of lake Union. Lake Union is 10 minutes walk from apartment.Great location! Close to the best places and things to do in Seattle (Fremont Solstice Parade, Ballard Locks, Greenlake, Space Needle, Waterfront, Pikes Place, Seahawks stadium and more). Easy access to everything via Uber, your vehicle, bus/bike. A cozy & modern newly remodeled 1 bedroom apartment with artsy décor and style  Sleeping – Unit contains one queen-size bed. For your convenience, if you have children or an extra guest staying with you there is one queen-sized (plug in to inflate) air mattress included.  In the apartment are an extra set of sheets, 6 bed pillows, and a variety of light and heavy blankets. There is no air conditioning (as most of the year in Seattle there is no need), but I do have 2 window fans if you like it cold. Storage – Closets, drawers, and places to hang your nice items are available in the apartment. Iron and ironing board, washer, and dryer (with detergent and dryer sheets included) are available inside the apartment for clothes emergencies. You do Turn right & a 10 minute walk takes you to dinner at one of the great Fremont cafes like the Sixgill. Hang a louie & in 1.7 miles you'll be at the base of the Space Needle.  All of Seattle is easily accessible on foot, bus or Uber from our place. This is a vintage flat in a classic building in Upper Queen Anne, Seattle.  That's a nice way of saying it's an old apartment.  It has brand new carpet and new paint.  However, there is a slight "smoker" smell when you first enter, open up the windows and it dissipates.   We want anyone who is highly sensitive to be aware before booking.  We are not smokers and have stayed here many nights, our feeling is that we don't notice it after 15 minutes.  The apartment may be old, but everything in it is brand new and clean.   The best part of our place is how close you are to everything you want to see and do.  Whether you are in town for business or vacation this spot is central to multiple destinations.  We think it is comfortable and fun and you wSafe central location. High Walkability score. Many good restaurants, shops. Enjoy 2 high ceiling / light filled rooms plus a private bath & private entrance.  The unit is quiet and separate, with TV w/ DVD/VCR, & free use of wi-fi & Roku/Netflix.  Welcome to the top of Queen Anne hill. We hope you will enjoy our airy basement guest bedroom & Rec-room & full private bath. 500 sq. ft. We use captured rain water to water the lawn and flush the toilets. This means that the water in the toilet can some time be a little brown from the tannins in leaves. There are 2 nice parks very close, and 4 blocks away is a public pool.  There are more than 10 nice restaurants 3 to 6 blocks away. Parking is free and easy to find out front.  Don't park on the other side of the street as it is a no parking tow away zone. It's only 5 blocks to grocery - Safeway & Trader Joes & a good chain drug store. For sleeping, the guest bedroom has an antique Queen size bed with nice almost new mattress. We also have aOur apartment is a cozy retreat on a free-parking street. It is a comfortable space with a private balcony overlooking the lake. It's a walk away from the Fremont Troll and Gas Works Park and a quick bus ride to Pike's Market and the Space Needle! - Small Private Balcony - Comfortably fits 3-4 (1 queen sized bed, a couch, and a single air mattress) -  - Buses run right up our street making it very convenient to get to downtown or to the Seattle Center (the Space Needle) - The Fremont neighborhood is a 5 minute walk north over the Fremont bridge (with a lot of great restaurants and cafes to choose from) - Free parking along Dexter Ave  - Close to the University of WashingtonElegant apartment just up from Lake Union and only minutes from downtown, South Lake Union and Freemont. Fully furnished kitchen with coffee and breakfast. Queen bed and balcony.  Spacious living room decorated with local artwork. Full bath. Wifi. Bright, spacious apartment with  balcony and fully furnished kitchen. Paintings by local artist Jake Millett. Underground parking available for small fee. Fully furnished kitchen, in-house washer and dryer, wireless internet. Metro bus routes 16 and 18 take you through South Lake Union to Downtown or to Freemont. Uber takes you everywhere you want to go.The “Studio at Mibbett Hollow' is in a Beautiful Houseboat on Quiet The Ship's Canal at the Famous Fishermen's Terminal Near the Ballard Locks, close to bus to all attractions. Downtown by bus. A private furnished studio with Single Bunk, Kitchenette Private Bathroom, Drawers, Cupboards, Cabinets and Closet with Cedar lining, Private Deck, WiFi, utensils. Ideal for a Single Person ( single bed only). Princess the Cat lived in the houseboat so no folks with allergies! No Smoking! No Pets! Close to a plutera of Various Ethnic Restaurant choices within walking distance in Ballard - Bus to Fremont ~ "The Center of the Universe" Nearest Bus stop West Emerson and 21 St West Near the Burke~Gilman Trail (Walking and Biking Experience living on the water in one of Seattle's Famous Houseboats!!!Right between Fremont and Downtown Seattle.  The building is old, but the apartment has new carpet and paint and everything you need to make yourself at home.  This is a great place to base out of to see the sights. This is a simple apartment in an older building.  You have everything you need and are close to downtown. Guest come and go as they please, we may or may not meet you.  Key code to let yourself in. We may or may not be in the area.  You are pretty much on your own unless you need help with something. Bus stops out the door, Uber is $10 to $15 to downtown.  Fremont is awesome and is only a 12 minute walk, downtown Seattle is a 25 minute walk.This comfortable, ground-floor apartment is quiet, ideally located on Queen Anne, steps away from the avenue hosting cafes, boutiques, restaurants and even a video store. Several bus lines can take you anywhere you want, small beautiful parks nearby. A nice homey-feeling place on top of Queen Anne, walking distance to everything the city has to offer and on the bus line straight to downtown and elsewhere. The apartment has hardwood floors, distinctive woodwork, coved ceilings, period touches, and large closets; it is quiet, airy and comfortable, on the ground floor, without neighbors above or below.  There is one large bedroom with a full size bed, one bathroom with shower and bathtub, and nice but smallish updated kitchen. The living room is large and has a queen-sized sleeper sofa which is very comfortable, European design.  The neighborhood is considered one of Seattle's best, i.e. lots of little boutiques, cafes, restaurants, conveniently located in the heart of the city. Within a Lower Queen Anne apartment walking distance to bustling bars, restaurants, shopping and attraction-heavy Seattle Center, EMP, and Space Needle This distinct neighborhood has something for everyone. Busline to other downtown attractions steps from apartment.Our home is on top of Queen Anne and walking distance to all the stores, coffee shops, restaurants and bars. Wood floors, vaulted ceilings, chef's kitchen, open floor plan flooded with natural light. Three bedrooms and two full bath. 2 to 6 people. A community within walking distance of Downtown, Queen Anne is situated just north of Seattle Center and south of Fremont across the Lake Washington Ship Canal.   As a neighborhood, Queen Anne can refer either to the entire hill or to the central residential and business district at the top of the hill. Lower Queen Anne, refers to the area at the southern base of the hill, just north and west of Seattle Center.   The district's name derives from the architectural style, typical of so many of the early houses in this area. The historic mansions are home to many of Seattle's economic and cultural elite. In 1962, Lower Queen Anne became the site of the Century 21 Exposition, a World's Fair. The fairgrounds are now the campus of Seattle Center, Walking distance to Seattle Center, Lake Union and Amazon. Many restaurants and a 24 hour grocery store also in walking distance. The roof top patio host some of the best sunsets Seattle has to offer. It's small but has everything you need. This is an open one bedroom so there is no door on the sleeping area (as you can see in the pictures). There is no TV but there is wireless high speed internet and endless things to keep you occupied in a 4 mile radius. You will have accesses to the living area and the rooftop terrace. The terrace is shared with everyone in the building so please be courteous to all residents and guests. The neighborhood is quite but close to all the action one could need. Very close to public transit and you can get just about anywhere important for under $10 with Uber. Also many great things in walking distance. About 1/2 mile from Seattle Center (the Space Needle) The parking is street parking luckily there is no time limit and usually open spaces.***I WILL BE OUT OF COUNTRY DEC 24 - JAN 8 W/O SERVICE SO CAN'T RESPOND****  Great location, spacious 1100 sq ft condo. Lake Union views along w Space Needle. Everything you need walking.  5 bus lines within 2 blocks.  Uberx $7 to downtown. This is a unique city condo with a townhouse type style as well as amazing view of the Space Needle from the kitchen, living room and bedroom.  From the balcony you have a peak a boo view of Lake Union.  You can sit and watch the seaplanes land. The condo been has been updated with a modern and fully equipped kitchen.This kitchen has a full size oven, glass top stove, microwave, full size refrigerator, dishwasher, garbage disposal, and a washer/dryer in the unit. This apartment is on the third floor. The apartment comes with wireless internet, flat screen t.v and a WiFi DVD player.  I am walking distance (about 10 minutes) to Key area, The Seattle Center. It's a perfect location for the Storm Games and The Key's concerts, Pacific NW Ballet and the SPerfect for any group traveling to Seattle. Work, or play, this turn-key home is in the absolute best location for a Seattle (URL HIDDEN) matter where you are going. Great home with plenty of space for groups of any size.  2 "bedrooms" (sleeps up to 8 people) 2 bath house in the best location you will find in Seattle.  The home, although located in the middle of Seattle, has a very charming, cabin-like feel and  is tucked away a few blocks from the hustle and bustle in a very quiet, upscale and safe neighborhood. The whole house is yours to do with as you please.  There are parking spaces in front for 1 large car (or two small cars) - plus plenty of street parking.  However, the garage itself is not offered for guests to use. We are always available, but you probably won't need us.  The house is turn-key for guests, and all utilities and amenities are simple and straightforward. Apart from being walking distance to downtown, Queen Anne is where the space needle is (walking distance), aOur beautiful condo is available for stays a month or longer only. Located in the heart of Queen Anne with a view of downtown and the Space Needle. Beautiful, newly remodeled top floor condo with vaulted ceilings and custom furnishings. Access to the unit and off-street parking I am available via phone and email 24/7. Queen Anne is walking distance to downtown, Seattle Center (Space Needle, Chihuly Gardens & Glass, the EMP, restaurants, cafes, etc. It is a fabulous place to live and visit. It is super easy to get around from this location. You can walk, bike, Uber/Lyft, grab a Car2Go or jump on the bus.Luxury in a convenient urban location between Queen Anne and downtown.  Walk to the Gates Foundation, Seattle Center, and EMP.  5 min drive, 30 min walk to Amazon HQ. Cafes (Caffe Vita) and restaurants (Crow) surround you on both upper and lower QA. SLEEPING Rest comfortably on a deluxe queen size mattress topped with memory foam along with down pillows and a down comforter.  Duvet covers are always freshly laundered. Bed linens are 650-thread count Egyptian cotton.  There are two spa quality robes hanging in the closet for your comfort and enjoyment.  A brand new American Leather queen-size plus sofa bed comfortably accommodates two additional guests. KITCHEN The apartment's gourmet kitchen includes brand-new deluxe appliances: a five-burner DCS dual fuel range, a Bosch dishwasher and a Fisher Paykel refrigerator/freezer.  The kitchen also features handmade cabinets, slab granite counter-tops, a stainless steel microwave, a coffeemaker and complimentary Caffé Vita beans. LIVING ROOM TSpacious one bedroom condo in the heart of the city. Has a great deck over looking the city skyline. Large jacuzzi tub and full kitchen for cooking. Walk down the street to enjoy many great local restaurants and bars.  Stay in my 890sq/ft one bedroom with a beautiful view of the city. Jacuzzi tub, free cable/internet and full washer and dryer.   I'll meet you to give you keys and show you around the place. Quiet neighborhood in the city. Walking distance to many restaurants and bars or grab the city bus that picks up across the street. Walking distance to EMP, Key Arena, Seattle Center and Space needle.  Bus stop across the street that takes you straight downtown or to the top of Queen Anne. There are also stairs one block away that go straight down to lake union for a beautiful walk by the lake. Located near the top of Queen Anne Hill overlooking Lake Union and DT Seattle. This 2B2B condo is truly spectacular with the highest-end furnishing and breathtaking views of the city, the water, and Mt. Rainer. Top corner unit is isolated from noise.Look no further for your cozy home away from home while visiting Seattle. This apartment offers you comfort at it's finest and located on Queen Anne, a neighborhood that is known as "best neighborhood to live in," in Seattle. One Queen Bed & bunkbed Located in what's known as the best neighborhood in Seattle, this Queen Anne apartment will be your cozy pied-a-terre during your visit. Just minutes from downtown, yet set in a quiet neighborhood with everything you will need to make your stay perfect. The light filled apartment has a view overlooking the Seattle Skyline and 5 minute walk to Kerry Park overlooking the city and Puget Sound, the "postcard" photos of Seattle are taken there. One bedroom with a Queen size thick memory foam mattress, and a twin bunkbed room. One bathroom with bathtub. 800 Sq. Ft. Internet, cable TV, 1 bedroom with Queen Bed, 1 Bunkbed room with 2 Twin Beds and 1 Bathroom. Washer and dryer in the building. Kitchen fully stocked with a chef's sensibility and highThis landmark historic Spanish-mission home is just a short walk, bike ride, or bus ride from South Lake Union, Fremont, Queen Anne. Fully renovated in 2015, it features 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, a chefs kitchen, dining space for 8, and historic charm! This light and bright Seattle Spanish-mission style home was built in 1905 and lovingly remodeled in 2015 with all the character of an old house preserved. It's within walking distance to South Lake Union, Fremont, and Queen Anne parks, shops, restaurants, and the Seattle Center. It's also located on a major bike route and on the 26 and 28 bus routes. This rental is for the main-floor of the house, including a private back yard. The home features a light-filled living room with TV, separate dining room with seating for 8, and a chef's kitchen with high-end appliances. There are three bedrooms, one with a full-sized bed, one with a twin-sized bed (plus a pack and play is available), and a quiet master bedroom with a queen-sized mattress. The mThis 800 square ft condo in Queen Anne, less than a mile from the Space needle with easy access to downtown and the airport.  Located right off hwy 99 and within walking distance to all major bus routes. TONS of beautiful nautral lighting (180 degree windows). Remodeled kitchen and bathroom. Seattle Center, Major Bus Lines, Space Needle, Downtown, Shopping, Restaurants No interaction with the guests. Yes, right on all the major bus routes. Walking distance to MonorailOur space is right next to the lake, with views of the water and the Cascades to the east.  It takes ten minutes to walk to Fremont and bus or bike downtown.  Make a smoothie and watch the sunrise or do some yoga in the spacious living room...    We have a lanai facing the east that offers beautiful views of the sun rising over the mountains and lake.  The open living room and kitchen are perfect for playing and relaxing.  The kitchen is stocked with the essentials and the neighborhood is both quiet and close to everything.  Walk down the hill to enjoy Fremont or head to Belltown.  We're right on major buslines and there is bike/car parking available.   We have two bedrooms and two bathrooms.  One bathtub.  A fireplace.  A blender.  An aeropress.   I'll be in the neighborhood and mostly available if needed!   Lower Queen Anne is quiet, but it's easy to get to frisky Fremont and Ballard for fabulous food and nightlife.  We're also close to the Amazon campus and downtown.  I'm happy to rA zen quiet space with a first class view of Lake Union, Gasworks Park and the Cascade  mountain range. This private bedroom in a beautiful home comfortably sleeps two and has easy access to the best of Seattle's neighborhoods. Located in the lovely Queen Anne neighborhood, overlooking Lake Union and the Cascade mountain range. The interior and garden have been recently renovated, providing a luxurious and comfortable atmosphere. Guests can lounge or work while observing all the activities on Lake Union, including the seaplanes coming and going. Within our space, guests may view many one-of-a-kind pieces by several modern master artists.  We hope to provide you with an exceptional experience in Seattle. Your private room is complete with a balcony overlooking Lake Union and surrounds, along with a private desk workspace and a spacious walk-in closet. You have access to a well appointed full bath.  The living room is a shared area that includes a fireplace and large, HDTV TV. You will bPerfect location for getting anywhere in Seattle! This Westlake triplex unit has its own front porch, back deck, and plenty of room to hang or just use as a sleeping spot to crash! Gorgeous views have kept me here for years.2bd/2ba apartment in great central location, above Sleepless in Seattle house!! Quiet street on Lake Union, but minutes to nightlife, downtown, Space Needle, Pike Place Market, Ballard, and short walk to Fremont, etc. Easy access to buses! AMAZING view on the water!!  End of discussion.  ;) Private bedroom and bathroom, and all shared living spaces! We are very easy going, super friendly.  I'm a nurse and Erika is a business professional, so we both work long hours.  We have a very active social life, so not home a ton.  We both love meeting new people, snd are very (URL HIDDEN) happy to share our amazing little home with you!  :) I love my view, little slice of heaven!  We are centrally located, we can get anywhere in the city in no time!  A few minute walk to Fremont (great restaurants, bars, Sunday farmer's market, etc).  Very close to the Space Needle, Pike Place Market, etc.  Really a great location, all the benefits of being in the city, but on a quiet street above the water! CenA charming Victorian home, built in 1889, and updated for modern family living and vacationing! Step inside this classic Queen Anne Victorian, built in 1889, and step back in time to an era of charm and pure craftsmanship!  You will enjoy period details and flashes of the owner's personality throughout this superbly decorated home. With a dragon at the doorway and fairies in the window, you are never far from whimsy and charm while staying in this gorgeous Victorian vacation retreat. The main floor features plenty of space to spread out in the traditional living room, spacious dining room, cozy den, and beautiful updated sunroom. The downstairs bathroom features a classic claw foot tub! Unleash your inner chef in the updated kitchen with a 6-burner gas range, Miele convection oven, and plenty of high-end cookware. Perfectly laid out for cooking big meals, it will be easy to prepare Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner with two ovens and a prep sink in the island. In the summer, fire up theThe amazing Lake Union view provides a soothing close to Downtown hideaway. Private Bedroom and Bathroom. Private Deck. Shared Kitchen and Living room. Shared rooftop deck. As much as they feel comfortable with. We live in the listed property full time. The area is walkable to Downtown and Fremont, close to transit, Amazon, and (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN). Westlake is a quieter, mostly residential area with a few small eateries. There are 5 bus lines within a 5 minute walking radius.Located on Queen Anne Hill, this Highland Drive home offers the quintessential Seattle experience. Boasting an iconic view and a sleepy neighborhood feel, it sits steps from all that Seattle has to offer. Ideally located in the heart of the city. A spectacular view on the top of Queen Anne Hill, guests have access to all that Seattle has to offer. Ideally located moments from great coffee shops, bars, and restaurants. Within minutes to vibrant South Lake Union, the Space Needle, downtown, Pike Place Market, etc. Full kitchen and work space. Private 300 sqft deck, beautiful in the Winter, perfect for Summer! The homeowners are on premises in the upper unit. Respect will be given to how much/little interaction you prefer. Ideally located in one of the most sought-after Seattle neighborhoods, you are moments from the restaurants, nightlife and attractions of Queen Anne and Lower Queen Anne, while sitting just minutes from South Lake Union, Amazon, Microsoft, the Gates Foundation, and the Queen Anne is a wonderful community close to downtown Seattle, Pikes Market, Lake Union, Key Arena, Seattle Center, Monorail, Space Needle, IMAX Theatre, EMP, the Chihuly Glass Museum, International Fountain and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.  Stay in Seattle's oldest residential neighborhood, Queen Anne Hill, yet steps to the city life. The house is located on a historical street, Bigelow Ave, the part of "Crown of Queen Anne" loop.  Beautiful, fully remodeled and very well maintained home with private Mother-In-Law suite. It is the bottom part of a house with a private entrance. Has plenty of windows. No stairs to walk, just a small step at the front door and another one to/from a bedroom. Unfortunately, no wheelchair access. Sleeps 2-4 people. The open-floor unit has all that you need for a visit to the city, including free WiFi. Clean and all furnished. Linens, towels and kitchenware included.  Separate entrance through the garage, free street parking.  Living Room ~ The living rGreat balcony views of Lake Union & the Cascades. It's a 10 minute walk to Fremont, South Lake Union and lower Queen Anne.  25 minute walk to downtown.   Equipped with washer/dryer, new appliances, high-speed WiFi, cable, gas grill, bike repair station, community deck, 2 TVs.  NOTE: Large SUVs (like Suburbans) will not fit in the parking spot.  Midsize and smaller are great. One bedroom newly remodeled apartment. Comfortable queen-size bed with memory foam topper and queen-size sofa sleeper. TVs in living room and bedroom.  Fully equipped kitchen.  Everything you need to make your stay enjoyable in Seattle, whether your here for a few days or an extended stay. Washer/dryer in the apartment. All new appliances - dishwasher, iron, hairdryer, microwave. Highspeed internet/wifi/cable. Designated parking space. Bike repair station. Common deck with gas grills, gas heaters and seating with views of Lake Union. Please feel free to contact us with any additional questions. There are bike lanesStay in one of the best neighborhoods in Seattle, just 15 minutes by bus from downtown.  Sunny bedroom in a craftsman home with two adorable dogs who will welcome you along with a host who has lived here for 25 years.  Walk to shops and restaurants, very safe. My house was built in 1904 but has been remodeled twice to add more space.  The bedroom that I offer guests has a queen bed.  The bathroom is just across the hall.  Both the bedroom and bathroom can be shut off from the rest of the house for privacy. Guests will have access to all common areas--kitchen, living room, office, dining room and kitchen.  They will have their own private bathroom with tub and shower. I am a working person, so would not be here 9-5 Monday through Friday.  I would be glad to help you plan your stay in Seattle and the surrounding areas.  I have lived here for more than 25 years and can tell you about all the great places you shouldn't miss.  Join me for a glass of wine at the end of the day or coffee in tTastefully appointed, quiet, 1-bedroom condo, between lower & upper Queen Anne with a beautiful view of sunrise on Lake Union and the Cascades! Walk to QFC, South Lake Union high-tech area, Seattle Center, parks, & the top of Queen Anne. Pets? Ask! Buses to downtown in front of building, walking distance to Seattle Center, South Lake Union and Upper Queen AnneThis beautiful apartment is nestled right outside of the downtown Seattle in the iconic Queen Anne area. Incredible views of Elliot Bay, Space Needle, downtown Seattle and Mt. Rainier. Minutes away from the city, yet in a safe/upscale neighborhood.A  Contemporary Retreat with Stunning Views s of the Space Needle, Seattle Skyline and Lake Union from almost every room . The house is perfectly located on the south slope of Queen Anne with only minutes walk to the main attractions of Seattle. Light, big windows, open spaces , views and contemporaneity art at every space of the house. Great for people who appreciate modernism and relaxation while being close to everything Seattle has to offer including the Seattle Center, Downtown, Queen Anne, South Lake Union (Amazon). Home and backyard. We will offer any help as long as we are in town. 10 minutes walk to the restaurants and shopping area of  Queen Anne. 30 minutes walk to downtown . 20 minutes walk to South Lake Union. Easy access to all areas of Seattle through bus and Uber. House is on a bus line to downtown. Walking is easy to all major attractions (10-30 minutes depend on the attraction).Spacious condo sleeps four comfortably with two-bedroom (queen beds) and two full baths in amazing location near downtown Seattle. Walking Distance to Queen Anne, the Seattle Needle, City Center, Kerry Park, Amazon Corp Office and area bars and restaurants. Two full bathrooms and upgraded amenities throughout! Granite countertops and stainless steel appliances in large kitchen with dining table - and large living room to relax and watch tv or listen to music. Quiet street but close to best areas and things to do in Seattle. Beautiful view of the city is just blocks away at Kerry park. Convenient location near to Seattle bus stop and free on -street parking. Also located within walking distance to Seattle City Center, Queen Anne and Amazon.Late 60's quirky, clean and comfortable 2bd Penthouse. Unobstructed views of Lake Union and Cascade mountains. On bus lines for easy access to downtown. Free parking. Shopping and restaurants half mi walking. Seattle Center 1.5 mi (30 min walk) A very cool space with spectacular views from all rooms. While the bones are dated its very clean and comfortable. Portable air-conditioner and fans provided in summer.  The deck is small but comfortably sits 4. Full kitchen includes coffee maker. Hair dryer, iron and board, washer and dryer are provided. Shampoo and shower gel provided.  Private free parking with private entrance all on 1 level off the back of building on 6th Ave N. It is my living space although I stay off premises while being rented. bus lines within a block for easy access to downtown. 1/2 mile to Fremont (closest retail) with restaurants, music venues and shopping. The entire home except a few closets I keep my personal things. It is my living space although I stay off premLike so many other places in Seattle we have a view of the Space Needle! The difference is you are a 10 minute walk to it from our place. Our apartment is a corner unit with windows rapping around it that open up making you feel like your outside.Studio apartment w/ a comfy open layout. There is a washer & dryer, Murphy full size bed, full size kitchen with modern appliances, an island a & stools for dining. There is also a porch that opens into a courtyard with a grill and patio seating. My apartment is conveniently located at the heart of upper Queen Anne at an intersection where all most anything you need is across the street or around the corner.  Walking distance from downtown with public transit routes to and from the hill to any place you need to go. The studio feels expansive especially since the Murphy bed allows for more usable space.  Just pull down on the handlebars and viola!  The spacious living room has now transformed into a giant bedroom with a kitchen in it :) You can watch TV from the couch or move the coffee table over and angle the lightweight entertainment center to face the Murphy to watch while you lie in bed. You will have access to the whole apartment. I will leave a key for you to go to the gym if youCentrally located 3 bedroom and 2 bathroom space. Enjoy a gourmet kitchen, master bedroom with French doors that open to a balcony overlooking Lake Union. Living room with fireplace. This is a children friendly place. No pets please. On bus line. The space is very comfortable for 4-6 guests. The master bedroom and the master bathroom are located on the second floor. The master bedroom French doors open up to a balcony that go overlooks Lake Union. You can sit on the balcony and watch to sailing boats go by while sippping on a favorite beverage.  The main floor has two bedrooms, a full bathroom, kitchen and livingroom with fireplace. One of the bedrooms sleeps two (separately), while the other sleeps either one or two on a comfortable twin size bed that extends into a king size bed. This bedroom also includes a crib.  The kitchens is well equiped with everything that you might need to make your stay comfortable. The eating bar comfortably sits four.  The front yard is a good place to ha1927 iconic home designed by F. M. Barnes. Private entrance, private bathroom, private bedroom. Perched on top of Queen Anne, with huge floor to ceiling window. 1 block to cafes and restaurants. Room is very large & sunlit. Queen sized bed with global artwork. The room is extremely large approximately 24 feet by 14 feet with 2 windows that get a decent amount of sun. There is a flat screen TV in the room and a dresser for your clothes. Welcome to my house! Guests will have access to their room from the back entrance of the house. They also have access to the yard. I will be home most of the time and am happy to help you with any quick questions you may have. Spacious living on top of Queen Anne hill within 1 block of cafes and restaurants. 1.5 miles from downtown with 4 bus lines within a couple of blocks. Walkable neighborhood, score of 89 with easy access to Kerry Park, which has magnificent views of downtown Seattle and Mt Rainier. You can see the Olympic mountain range from the yarPrivate room in 2 bed/2 bath unit. Gates Foundation and Amazon are walkable. In-unit washer/dryer. Space Needle view. Deck. Garage parking. Looking for longer term roommate, month or two minimum stay I work at home several days a week.Sweeping views of Lake Union and the Cascades in this large one bedroom. 5 minutes from Amazon, DT, Queen Anne, South Lake Union. Contemporary high end interiors, hardwood floors, new appliances.  Secured parking garage and ample free street parking. Gorgeous views. Located on the east side of Queen Anne Hill and overlooking Lake Union and the Cascade Mountians.  One mile from Space Needle, downtown Seattle and Gasworks park.  Bus line is within 1 minute walking distance will take you wherever you need to go. Starbucks is within walking distance from the condo.  Grocery store right across the street and easy access to the bike lane. High speed internet and Cable TV is provided.  1 parking spot secured covered garage and ample free parking is easy to find within a block from the condo. Garage Parking can be arranged (Depending on availability) I work full time, so please discuss the time of your arrival and departure in advance if possible. I will just be a phone call away during your sThis place is amazing great view of the Space Needle and the city from your deck. Close Seattle Center, Bill and Melinda Gates foundation.  Beautiful inside very comfortable .  Whether you are on business or vacation you will feel right at home. This apartment is located on the top floor. The apartment is bright with a lovely cross breeze when you open the windows Nice deck facing the Space Needle. The apartment accommodation up to four people, there is a queen size bed and in the living room, the couch pull out to make a full size bed. There is wireless internet, flat screen t.v  in the living room. In the bedroom you will find a Queen sized bed,  side table , wall to wall long closet with extra linens. Fully stocked Kitchen  This space is charming, bright and cheerful, you'll feel good just being here.   It is an older building but once you are inside its almost brand new.   Everything in the unit is for your use and enjoyment. If you have a child please let me know in advance we havOur beautiful newly renovated vacation rental home with a great water view of Lake Union. Minutes to Pikes Place, The zoo and the Space Needle. 1 queen memory foam mattress and sofa bed with memory foam topper, sleeps 4. Fully equipped kitchen. Newly renovated one bedroom, one bath apartment with hardwood flooring. New appliances, microwave and washer/dryer. Queen size bed and full/queen pull out sofa. 2" memory foam mattress topper provided for extra comfort.  Fully equipped kitchen includes toaster, blender, Keurig and all culinary needs.  We've added a wine fridge and ice maker  to enhance convenience. In addition, you will be happy to find an iron and ironing board for your business and evening attire. The bathroom includes all basic essentials and more. We provide shampoo, conditioner, individually packaged soaps and blow dryer. Check in is at 4pm. Check out is at 11:30am. Early/late check in/out is not guaranteed but we will do our best to accommodate you. One parking spot is avaCookbook authors rad, little 1 bedroom apt overlooking Lake Union. Amazing east-facing sunrise view of mountains & lake. Full herb garden (while it lasts) & well-appointed kitchen for cooking & baking during your stay and a well-stocked urban pantry! Rad little one bedroom apt overlooking Lake Union. Amazing east-facing sunrise view of mountains & lake. Full herb garden (while it lasts) & well-appointed kitchen for cooking & baking during your stay. Well-stocked urban pantry full of handmade preserves, too! Everything in the pantry is whole food, organic and handmade and you're welcome to cook something up for yourself whilst here - no need to go grocery shopping for basics during your stay.  You may read about my apartment in Apartment Therapy!  head to: thekitchn and check for tours/a-visit-with-amy-pennington-gardener-preserver-kitchen-tour-158979 Queen bed with organic cotton sheets. Apartment has wifi, HBO, Apple TV + local cable TV & a small desk with monitor for a multi-mon hookAmazing views, close to downtown yet tucked away in a perfect spot!    Stunning, elegant property with amazing views! Book now and experience the splendor of our luxurious three (3) bedroom (3.5) bathroom homes. This versatile living and executive office space boasts expertly crafted architecture and interior design, including placement of sculpture and fine art. Fully furnished, this home provides a long list of amenities prerequisite to an elegant stay in the Seattle area. We are pleased to provide you with recent upgrades: painted interior spaces, reconditioned kitchen flooring, and a new installation of a high-quality wifi which will make your stay productive. Walking distance to many of Seattle best tourist attractions and  the shops, restaurants in Queen Anne.   Everywhere except one closet and drawer which belong to the owner We're available to help when ever needed. Either Jeff or one of his representatives will be in communication. A community within walking distance of DowntoGreat location with easy access to downtown Seattle, buses and walking to upper/lower Queen Anne plus South Lake Union. Private deck with amazing views and open space.  2 bedroom and 2 full bath with large kitchen, dining room and 2 living rooms I have 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms in my home with a massive private deck (800 sq feet) to enjoy BBQing, beautiful views of the Space Needle or drinking a glass of wine.   My place is also seconds away by foot to most of the major bus lines that cross the city. Parking is available on street without a permit.  Always find a spot within a block. The house is a craftsman style house, almost 100 years old, but fully renovated inside.  The kitchen has granite countertops with bar for comfortable eating and entertaining.  There is a large living room when you first walk in around the fireplace.  Dining room is off the kitchen with a second living room area off the other side.  The access point to the deck is off the kitchen with wonderful views from The place is conveniently located close to bus stop and walking distance to Seattle downtown and Fremont with great view of lake Union. Lake Union is 10 minutes walk from apartment. It is a 1 bedroom apartment. You can access the whole apartment as needed. I am very friendly and would be available to help you with city questions. It is a very safe neighborhood. Close to lively Seattle downtown and Fremont yet very residential feeling around here. Perfect to have a relaxed time. Bus stops are right outside which can take you anywhere. Conveniently located 15-20 minutes walking distance from Fremont and Seattle downtown. NAGreat location with easy access to downtown Seattle, buses and walking to upper/lower Queen Anne plus South Lake Union.  Private deck with amazing views and open space I have 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms in my home and offering one of the bedrooms and bathrooms.  If I am traveling I can offer the entire unit but please ask before.  I also have a massive private deck (800 sq feet) to enjoy BBQing, beautiful views of the Space Needle or drinking a glass of wine.   My place is also seconds away by foot to most of the major bus lines that cross the city. Parking is available on street without a permit.  Always find a spot within a block. The house is a craftsman style house, almost 100 years old, but fully renovated inside.  The kitchen has granite countertops with bar for comfortable eating and entertaining.  There is a large living room when you first walk in around the fireplace.  Dining room is off the kitchen with a second living room area off the other side.  The access point to the deViews of Lake Union & the Cascades. 1 minute walk to Fremont, South Lake Union and lower Queen Anne.  25 minute walk to downtown. washer/dryer, new appliances, high-speed WiFi, cable, gas grills, bike repair station, community deck, 2 TVs. Beats a hotel!  NOTE: Large SUVs (like Suburbans) will not fit in the parking spot.  Midsize and smaller are great. One bedroom newly remodeled apartment. One Queen-size bed with memory foam topper and one full-size futon. TVs in living room and bedroom. Plenty of hot water. Fully equipped kitchen. Washer/dryer in the apartment. All new appliances - dishwasher, iron, hairdryer, microwave. Highspeed internet/wifi/cable. Designated parking space. Bike repair station. Common deck with gas grills, gas heaters and seating with views of Lake Union. Please feel free to contact us with any additional questions. Bike lanes on Dexter Avenue all the way downtown Seattle. Walking distance to great restaurants and cafes. Only a 20 minute walk to the Space Needle!This relax in tgarden apartment in Queen Anne is blocks from Gates Foundation, Space Needle and Amazon's HQ in SLU.... It's ideal for tourists looking to be near the action or business travelers/relocators looking for a temporary nest! The apartment is newly remodeled (as of 2013) and tastefully decorated with new furnishings. The apartment is a one-bedroom with one Queen-sized bed and is located on the lower level of a Seattle craftsmen home.  Things to note:  The space is ideal for one person or a couple. Also, the unit is quiet, but you may hear occassional footsteps from time to time since the home is nearly 100 years old. It's part of the charm. :) Guests will have acces to a shared laundry facility (it's shared with our main unit).  We live in an adjacent unit and are on premis to provide assistance and advice, but also like to provide our guests privacy during their stays. Location is king! We're located on the Southeast side of Queen Anne, walking distance from the Queen Anne VSpacious basement one-bed/bath apartment available in a newly remodeled craftsman home in Seattle's Queen Anne neighborhood. Private entrance, fully furnished unit, located 2 blocks from restaurants, bars, shops, parks, and buses to downtown Seattle. This lovely apartment is perfect for those wanting to checkout the city and come home to a quiet, clean, and relaxing apartment. Guests can come and go as they please with access to all the city amenities. The apartment is brand new with porcelain tile kitchen, bath, and laundry room floors. Brand new wood floors were installed across the living and bedroom space.  Apartment amenities include: - Day bed with trundle (extends to king size bed) - Brand new granite kitchen counter-tops - Handmade and reclaimed kitchen shelves - Mobile kitchen island with seating - Hidden trash and recycle bins - Full Washer/Dryer in unit - Radiant heated floors in bathroom - Closet space and lots of additional storage - Full length mirror - Full kitchen with Quiet/private view home w/ own "ground level" entry, dedicated 1 car garage, plentiful storage and poised overlooking the lovely Thomas C. Wales park! Very quiet East exposure. 3 levels are focused on lake/mountain views. Fully air conditioned, builtWith views of Lake Union from the west side, you can view Gas Works Park and the Cascade mountain range.  We will share the space with you, when our schedules allow, but we provide a private room to our guests, a shared bathroom and living area. With views of Lake Union from the west side, you can also enjoy views of Gas Works Park and the Cascade mountain range. Walking distance to Julie's Landing kayak & boat rentals and great restaurants in the Fremont neighborhood.  With views of Lake Union from the west side, you can also enjoy views of Gas Works Park and the Cascade mountain range. Walking distance to Julie's Landing kayak & boat rentals.  With views of Lake Union from the west side, you can also enjoy views of Gas Works Park and the Cascade mountain range. Walking distance to Julie's Landing kayak & boat rentals.  Bathroom, kitchen, living area, dining area and private bedroom.  Depends - if we aren't busy, we'd love to get to know our guests! We are working early/normal businesYour travel home is the private lower level guest suite of a fully restored 1914 Craftsman home on Queen Anne hill. The home is featured on the Queen Anne historical registry. This is a premier neighborhood in Seattle with quiet tree lined streets and vibrant local village scene.  The village on Queen Anne Avenue(7 min walk) provides varied and excellent dining choices, a number of bars and brew pubs, 24hr grocery stores, yoga studio, pedicure/manicure services, hair salons, bakeries, indoor swimming pool, Starbucks and other coffee houses, Sushi, dry cleaners, drugstore and mailing/shipping services. A short (5 min.) car ride will bring you to the heart of downtown, Lake Union and the waterfront. The path to your suite is through a lush landscaped yard with reflecting pond, (decommissioned October-June), outdoor grill, 2 lounge chairs and open air dining table with 6 chairs. (Available in late spring and summer weather). Parking is on-street and ample. Bus lines are steps from the homHomey condo converted to apartment, centrally located in West Lake & 2 blocks from paddle boarding, electronic boat rental & lake side dining.  $10 cab/Urber ride downtown - steps from bus stop. Comfortable, quite, home base for your Seattle getaway. To everything but my wine. I would love to meet you upon arrival and show you around the place and answer any questions.  There is a parking spot in the garage that will be yours during the stay About a mile from South Lake Union (Amazon campus).  South Lake Union (SLU) has great restaurants and a great night life and is the perfect spot for brunch the next morning. Steps from Dexter Ave which leads to SLU and in the other direction - Fremont.  You are in walking distant of downtown Fremont (bars, great eats and the Fremont Troll). Steps from multiple bus stops.  About a mile from the SLUT (South Lake Union Transit) which leads downtown.  Dexter Ave is steps away and has bike lanes and sidewalks. Quick cab and Urber ride to the city or SpaThree-bedroom two-bath craftsman just one block from Queen Anne Ave, with great restaurants, coffee, and shopping. Our neighborhood is less than a 10 minute drive to Downtown, South Lake Union, Fremont, etc. Three queen beds sleep 6. Guests have full access to the house, including laundry facilities. I am available by text any time should you have any issues - please feel free to contact me! Queen Anne Ave. (just one block from 1st Ave N.) features a large variety of restaurants and shops, as well as Safeway (2 blocks away) and Trader Joe's (3 blocks away). The #13 bus stops on Boston St. (2 blocks away) and goes downtown.  An Uber downtown costs about $10, and a walk to Seattle Center is about 30 minutes.  The lively Fremont neighborhood is also walkable - about 20 minutes. Street parking in the neighborhood is free with no time restrictions.This luxurious 4 bedroom, 3.5 bath home is on the “Crown of Queen Anne Hill," a prime location for business travelers-- 2 miles to South Lake Union tech corridor and Amazon main campus.  Great access for vacationers with nearby dining and shopping. This lovely home is on the “Crown of Queen Anne Hill," a prime location in a desirable and convenient Seattle neighborhood. It's close to downtown Seattle and walking distance to restaurants, bakeries, grocery and clothing stores and beautiful parks. Two stories plus a daylight basement, includes 4 bedrooms + 3.5 bathrooms.  The open-floor plan house is great for entertaining and relaxing.  There's a spacious deck off the kitchen and a comfortable family room in the daylight basement—something for everyone! You'll find a well-equipped kitchen stocked with the basics and all appliances, updated bathrooms, and all the amenities (cable, TV, WiFi).  Amenities  • Free high-speed wifi.  • Free HD cable TV.  • Free use of the full-size washer and dThis 1BR apt comfortably sleeps 2 and is centrally located 1 block from the stunning city views of Kerry Park. The Space Needle is within walking distance as are restaurants, bars, entertainment, and grocery stores. Also nearby are busses to Downtown, Fremont and Ballard.100+ year-old Arts and Crafts home at the top of coveted Queen Anne Hill. 3 BR, 1.5 BA. 2 queen-size beds and 1 full. Upstairs bathroom has a claw foot tub and separate walk-in shower. Only 4 blocks to shopping and restaurants. 1 block to bus. Charming 100+ year-old Arts and Crafts home at the top of coveted Queen Anne Hill. 3 BR, 1.5 BA. Two queen-size beds and one full. Upstairs bathroom has a fantastic claw foot tub and separate walk-in shower. Quiet street, easy parking, yet only 4 level blocks to all the action on Queen Anne Avenue including great shops, restaurants (How to Cook a Wolf, Paragon), pub (Hilltop Ale House), drug store (Bartell's) and grocery stores (Trader Joe's, Safeway). Minutes from downtown Seattle but a world away. Home has everything you need for your vacation in Seattle including linens, towels, updated kitchen, washer and dryer.  One week minimum preferred. No cleaning fee!  No smoking or pets, please.This family home is located in an ideal city neighborhood steps to the Space Needle, restaurants and downtown. Walk, bike or bus to anywhere in Seattle and come home to the complete comfort of our family home; blocks to coffee, parks and much more! Old world charm with modern touches! Charming old homes, parks, views of Seattle skyline, walking to restaurants, shops and downtown. Buses, biking, walking Guest access to everything. Interaction with guests is as much as needed. Charming old homes, parks, views of Seattle skyline, walking to restaurants, shops and downtown. Buses, biking, walkingSpacious 2-story home. Walk to shops, coffee, grocery stores, and dining. Close to public transportation - bus stop across the street. 10 minute drive/cab to downtown, Seattle Center, Fremont and Ballard neighborhoods. Desirable location.  New carpet Our 2 story, 3 bedroom/2 bath house will be a great home away from home on your trip to Seattle! Between the three bedrooms, this home can comfortably sleep 6 guests. The master bedroom has a king-sized bed, one guest bedroom has a queen-sized bed, and the other guest bedroom has a pair of twin beds (so it's great for kids).  The den on the main floor also has a queen sleeper sofa to accommodate additional guests. The living room is spacious with two sofas.  New carpet throughout.  Our home's location in the East Queen Anne neighborhood puts you within easy walking distance to restaurants, coffee shops, shopping, public transportation, and more. Safeway and Trader Joe's are both a 2 minute walk away, so it's easy to get all the supplies yoThis light and airy bungalow is accessed through a secret garden path.  Downstairs are the kitchen and dining area with an adjoining personal gym.  The loft area is cozy, nestled among our 9 birch trees which provide a tree house like experience! This light filled space is set among our stand of 9 birch trees and surrounding garden!  The sleeping loft upstairs has a four 6' tall windows that look out over the grape arbor and into the birch trees, so it feels almost like a tree house. You have private access to the bungalow and shared access to our two outdoor patios - one in the grape arbor with fountain, the other between the bungalow and main house.  Both have outdoor teak tables and chairs for your use. We are a busy household, but are available for any advice about the neighborhood or questions you might have about the bungalow!  We want you to be able  to make the most of your time here! Queen Anne is a beautiful, safe neighborhood close to everything!   The neighborhood sits on tComfortable 2BR/1BA daylight basement apartment. Easy walk to shops, restasurants, Starbucks, grocery stores and more.  Bus stop across the street. Safe family neighborhood,  10 minutes to Seattle Center, downtown, Fremont and Ballard neighborhoods With one bedroom having a queen sized bed, and the other having a pair of twin beds, this apartment is great for families with kids, but any group of up to 4 people will be comfortable here. We can accommadate 6 with 2 providing their own sleeping surface (sleeping bag). Take a seat on the large, comfortable L-shaped couch and enjoy a good read.  This neighborhood is a must for anyone visiting Seattle. Just a short drive on Queen Anne Ave. heading North from downtown, once you're here, you'll wish you lived here!  From Kerry Park, a few blocks from the apartment, you can enjoy stunning views of the Space Needle, the Sound, and on a clear day, one of the best views of Mt. Ranier! Whenever they're filming anyone from Seattle who appears on TV,Best central Seattle Location. Right in the heart of Lower Queen Anne. Across the street from the Seattle Center and only blocks away from the Space Needle! Walk to Pike Place Market! Wrap around private outdoor patio with view of Space Needle. Surrounded by many restaurants, bars and grocery stores! Finding a two bedroom, two bath apartment that includes a private patio with a view of the space needle is something hard to find right in the heart of downtown. Direct Tv, wifi internet, any appliances in the kitchen such as stove, microwave, coffee Kerig, kettle, cooking utensils, and refrigerator. I will be out of town most of the dates that are available for booking, but will be just a phone call or text away if there's anything you need to know or need help with. I'll leave a cheat sheet in the kitchen of important information such as wifi code and how to lock up and where to leave key the after your stay and other small check out requirements when leaving the apartment. Also will leaThis pleasant and centrally located apartment offers a full kitchen, on-site laundry, and Wi-Fi. Enjoy the lake view at home, then venture out on foot or by one of the many transit routes to the Space Needle, South Lake Union, Fremont, and more! Our home matches a calm atmosphere with a convenient location.  Relax on our deck and watch the seaplanes and sailboats go by.  Cozy up with a book and a mug of tea in our comfy living room.  Cook up a delicious dinner in the kitchen with some of Washington's year-round fresh produce. Once you've recharged, you won't have to go far to reach some of Seattle's most interesting neighborhoods.  Whether you're up for food, music, museums, or the outdoors, you'll find something to love near this home away from home. We have a queen sized bed, full bathroom, kitchen with all amenities, light-filled dining area, and a large balcony with a grill.  Our building has a free laundry room downstairs. We are generally out of town when we rent out our home, ho*NO CLEANING FEE* Incredible view! 1bd apt. in Lower Queen Anne! Hardwood, tile and carpet flooring. Fast Wifi. Nice deck with a table, 2 chairs and BBQ. Full kitchen & bathroom. Extremely comfortable Queen size bed. 5 blocks from the Space Needle & Key Arena. Stunning 180 degree view of Seattle Skyline. The combination of location, VIEW and amenities. Five blocks from the Space Needle! Secure/gated entrance to building. Pots, pans, dishes, stove, oven, microwave, blender, glasses, utensils...Everything you need! 55" HD tv with surround sound, premium cable and PS4/Blu Ray. Wifi also. The entire one bedroom, fully furnished apartment. Coin-op laundry on site. Secure gated entrance to complex.  I will not interact with them at all unless there is an emergency or they have a question for me. Perfect location to walk to nightlife, the Space Needle, Seattle Center and Key Arena. Fantastic deck with and incredible view of the city. HD TV with PS4, Blu Ray, premium cable package. Wireless inAmazing lake view from balcony in clean, modern apt building in safe neighbourhood in trendy Queen Anne neighborhood. bus stop downstairs, zip to downtown - straight shot in 20 min. Off street parking (not on premises). Wifi available only in lobby. Please feel free to contact us with any additional questions. Downtown/Seahawks Stadium: 5 min drive, Busline: 2 min walk, Fremont/South Lake Union: walking dist, Queen Anne: 5 min drive, Capitol Hill/UW: 10 min driveThis 1BR/1BA daylight basement apartment sleeps 4(full bed in bedroom & queen-sized sleeper sofa. Family neighborhood - easy walk to shops, grocery store, restaurants and Starbucks. Bus stop across the street. 10 minutes to Seattle Center & downtown. Wonderfully located 1 bedroom, 1 bath apartment. After a night in the full-sized bed, or the queen-sized sleeper sofa, enjoy a meal before a day on the town. Located at the top of Queen Anne, our home is in a safe, clean, walkable, and super-convenient neighborhood. Walk just a few blocks to Safeway and get ingredients for that tasty breakfast, or popcorn for that HBO movie! If you feel like a Vanilla Latte, Starbucks is across the street, and so is Storyville Coffee Queen Anne, a more ‘mom & pop' style coffee shop. Less than one block away, you'll find great restaurants like the Queen Anne Cafe, Ying Thai Kitchen (a family owned Thai restaurant), and the Homegrown Sustainable Sandwich Shop. The bus line across the street can take you intoCompletely remodeled 1 bedroom apartment. Comfortable memory foam, queen bed & sofa sleeper, sleeps 4. Fully equipped kitchen including a Keurig. Stunning Balcony water view. Newly renovated one bedroom, one bath apartment with hardwood flooring. New appliances, microwave and washer/dryer. Queen size bed and full/queen pull out sofa. Memory foam mattress topper provided for extra comfort. Fully equipped kitchen includes toaster, blender, Keurig and all culinary needs. In addition, you will be happy to find an iron and ironing board for your business and evening attire. The bathroom includes all basic essentials and more. We provide shampoo, conditioner, individually packaged soaps and blow dryer. Check in is at 4pm. Check out is at 11:00am. Early/late check in/out is not guaranteed but we will do our best to accommodate you. One parking spot is available to you. Please only park in the designated parking spot. Key entry access is provided to the apartment. You will have access to all cWe LOVE our loft in the heart of Lake Union. It is literally on the lake, inside a marina, so you get an unobstructed view of the lake as well as its surroundings, such as Gas Works Park and Kenmore sea planes. The loft is composed of a large flat space with high ceiling on the third floor, overlooking at the beautiful Lake Union. The bedroom has a walk-in closet and bathroom, which is also accessible from the living room. The kitchen has full-size refrigerator, oven, and dishwasher.  You will also find BBQ tools for outdoor grilling in the deck. Additional deck furniture/amenities include a hot tub, two zero gravity chairs, and an outdoor table for you to fully enjoy the lake view.  For guests wanting to use hot tub on the first day, please message the host upon booking. It takes a day to fully heat the hot tub and we do not leave it heated to conserve energy.  Loft has a downstairs office, which contains a Murphy bed. While the bed is fully functional, the office does not have black-This unit is really spacious love the layout very private, big windows.  A nice place to come home to. Two blocks is Cafe Vita, walking distance to Teatro Zinzanni, Space Needle is a few blocks away. Very safe area and lots to explore. This apartment is located on the second floor. The apartment is spacious, lots of windows with a lovely cross breeze when you open the windows. The apartment accommodation up to four people, there is a queen size bed and in the living room, the couch pull out to make a full size bed. There is wireless internet, flat screen t.v  in the living room TV is on fire TV which means you can watch most movies and play games but not regular TV network. In the bedroom you will find a Queen sized bed,  side table , wall to wall long closet with extra linens. Fully stocked Kitchen  This space is charming, bright and cheerful, you'll feel good just being here.   It is an older building but once you are inside its almost brand new.   Everything in the unit is for your Turn right & a 10 minute walk takes you to dinner at one of the great Fremont cafes like the Sixgill. Hang a louie & in 1.7 miles you'll be at the base of the Space Needle.  All of Seattle is easily accessible on foot, bus or Uber from our place. This is a vintage flat in a classic building in Upper Queen Anne, that's a nice way of saying it's an old apartment. (for nostalgia sake, stop and listen to "Old Apartment" by BNL)  The apartment may be old, but we do keep it clean.  The carpet has some stains, so we have strategically placed rugs around the place.  The best part of our place is how close you are to everything you want to see and do.  Whether you are in town for business or vacation this spot is central to multiple destinations.  We think this place is comfortable and fun and you will too.  Some have asked us about street noise, there is a very minimal amount during rush hour from the living-room/kitchen, the bedroom is on the backside  and not facing the street.  When large bCozy self contained basement level unit with space needle view and private patio. Free DirecTV and WiFi, washer and dryer in unit, full private bathroom, and separate office area. Fully equipped kitchen with breakfast bar.  Private backyard access.  We are looking for those who want to enjoy the comforts of home, but be on vacation.  We are close to all the best parts of Seattle- 8 blocks to the Seattle Center, 2 blocks to the 3/4 Bus Line, and walking distance to Downtown, the Theater, the Opera, Ballet, Concerts at Key Arena, Yummy Restaurants and much much more!  The unit comes fully furnished (coffee pot!) and all everything you would need whether staying for a few nights, a week, or even a few months.  Professional are also welcome to enjoy a home away from home while traveling on business or relocating for an extended period of time.   Guests have access to the entire backyard and their own private space with bedroom (queen bed), full bathroom, kitchen, laundry, and office space.My historic and recently remodeled house is on a corner lot in the heart of Seattle's charming Wallingford neighborhood.   The house has a unique style and is south facing with an open floor plan that allows for a lot of light- a bonus in Seattle. Enjoy commanding views of downtown, Mt. Rainer (on sunny days), the Cascades, and the gorgeous Aurora Bridge.  Enjoy the outdoors on the rocking chairs while sitting on the covered front porch, grill out on the back deck, or drink in the views from the bedroom balconies. Great option for folks visiting the UW, downtown Seattle, Amazon, Microsoft, or exploring Seattle's many neighborhoods. I am offering a special rate while I try out the Airbnb experience.  I've used the service on the road but am new to renting out my home.  Come be my first guests!   Music lover?  Plug your iPod into the stereo and rock out to the built in speakers in the kitchen and living room.  Also for your entertainment pleasure you'll find a flat screen TV with basic cThis furnished home is a sweet bungalow in a great walkable neighborhood, near restaurants, coffee shops, bus line, and the UW. Available nightly or weekly (discounted - please ask) through Oct 31. Includes: Linens, dishes, treehouse, sauna, games. Great for families, or visiting guests needing temporary space in Seattle during October. Full house We live just down the block! Close to bus line, parking also available off-street, and you can walk to just about anything you need. Walkable to Univ of Washington. 10 min by car to downtown. Just contact us with any questions - we are happy to help.Luxurious, new,spacious 2 bdrm apartment in one of Seattle's most popular locations. Everything is beautifully designed to a high standard. Nestled on the border of the trendy Fremont/Wallingford neighborhoods--the perfect base for exploring the city Luxurious and all new spacious 2 bedroom apartment in one of Seattle's most popular neighborhoods. This apartment was completely renovated by interior designer, Ellen Henry of Ellen Henry Designs. New kitchen, baths, furnishings—everything is beautifully designed to a high standard. Beds and linens are as good (or better) than those found in five star hotels. The furnishings and finishes are modern, luxurious and comfortable. To get an idea of the quality of our offerings, please see some of our other listings.  All of our apartments have modern décor and are very clean.  LOCATION: This apartment is nestled on the border of Seattle's trendy and popular Fremont/Wallingford neighborhoods. Known as the 'Center of the Universe', it's close to I have a great loft apartment in the Wallingford / Fremont area for 1 Month Sub Lease starting Feb 13th! it has a queen size bed, sun light roof, two huge windows, refrigerator, bathroom w/ shower, utilities rolled in and free WiFi   Our eco-friendly furnished apartment features an eat-in kitchen with heated tile, private bathroom, private bedroom with office nook!  We take hosting very seriously as we provide snacks and a super clean space.  We look forward to meeting you! Our basement apartment is painted with low VOC paint and carpeted with eco-friendly carpeting and heated tile.  It easily sleeps 2, on our brand new full size mattress, with third person on a double air mattress. Kids under 13 stay for free!  We use only natural cleaning products and love to eat organic food!  Our family is very active.  This apartment is best suited for early risers and active people.  Depending on our family's schedule, you will potentially hear us above you from 7am-8:30pm  The kids are very active players.  This is NOT a silent retreat!  It's a festive family home full of kid sounds and music! Guests will have access to their own private door and a shared back patio. We live on the main floor and the apartment is in the baseCompletely self-contained modern apartment close to Greenlake, Tangletown and the downtown bus route.   With a private entrance and kitchen this one bedroom apartment comfortably accommodates 2 people.  This is a basement apartment and the ceilings can be a little low in places, six footers should consider that when booking. Guests have access to a full size washer and dryer in the apartment as well as wireless internet access. Wallingford is a fantastic neighborhood for kids and adults alike with the proximity of Meridian Park and Greenlake as well as the restaurants and cafes of Tangletown. The #16 bus route to downtown is about 100 yards from the apartment. With 4 kids living upstairs you may hear a little foot traffic above you but generally we're out and about more than we're in the house. Also, if you're over 6ft you may find our ceilings a little low. Lovely house in Seattle's Wallingford neighborhood is perfect for your Thanksgiving holiday. Close to Green Lake, UW, and easy access to downtown. Our home is quiet yet walkable to grocery, restaurants, pubs, movie theaters, transit, much more! You'll be very comfortable in our home. There's plenty of space for a family, anything you'd need to cook, and if you need any last-minute supplies, lots of shops are just blocks away. You're welcome to use our classic espresso machine -- we'll leave you home-roasted coffee for your visit! We'll lock up the upstairs office but otherwise you'd have free run of the house. Not pictured here is an office that could be used as a bedroom if necessary (with an air mattress we'd provide). The living room sofa is also very comfortable for sleeping! We'll be available by email or phone except when we're on planes. We'll provide you with a detailed (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) Map of all our favorite local spots and suggestions. We did a house swap a coupleSunny bedroom with a downtown view in a 2,000 square foot house with decks, balconies, and porches. The house is on a corner lot in the heart of Seattle's charming Wallingford neighborhood and features an airy floorplan and an eclectic decor.  Public transportation is excellent and you don't need a car to enjoy this part of town, but if you have one, parking is free.  I have a separate apartment so chances are good you'll have the house to yourself most of the time. This listing rents out a sunny bedroom in my house is on a corner lot in the heart of Seattle's charming Wallingford neighborhood.    Right now I'm doing a minimum stay of 5 days and looking for folks who are in town for work or a longer stay. The house is south facing with an open floor plan that allows for a lot of light- a huge bonus in Seattle.  Enjoy commanding views of downtown, Mt. Rainer (on sunny days), the Cascades, and the gorgeous Aurora Bridge.  Enjoy the outdoors on the rocking chairs while sitting on the coveOur house is perfect for anyone visiting Seattle without a car.  Enjoy a quick commute to downtown via bus or a 20 minute walk to the University of Washington.  Wake up in the morning to run, bike, or swim Green Lake and then come grill with us in the backyard! The Latona House is comfortable, quiet, and convenient to everything!  We have 2 rooms that are available for air B and B guests: the lavender room downstairs has wood floors and one queen bed.  The teal room upstairs has carpet and one queen and one twin bed. A sit-on-top kayak and two bikes Someone is always around for a chat, to give directions, or to share a meal! We are in the middle of a great area: the UW, the shops and cafes of Wallingford, and swimming or walking around Green Lake.   For those in search of nightlife, downtown and Capitol Hill are a 15 minute drive away. 26 and 16 buses to Northgate, Fremont and downtown Seattle are only a few blocks away!Beautifully renovated charming Tangletown cottage located just steps from Green Lake, hip local restaurants and coffee shops. Conveniently situated between vibrant Wallingford and downtown Green Lake. Only 10 minutes to the U District and downtown.  Fabulous studio space tastefully appointed with gorgeous bedroom suite, apacious bathroom, cozy dining area and sleek modern kitchenette. This private guest cottage is located behind a 1909 Craftsman home and has a private entrance off an alley. Street parking available.  The Green Lake Cottage has HDTV, wifi, a kitchenette complete with dishware, glassware silverware, coffee maker, grinder, blender, toaster, tea kettle, pots and pans and more.  We aim to ensure you have a fantastic stay at the Green Lake Cottage. We will check you and and provide you with all the information necessary to thoroughly enjoy your visit to Seattle.  We love the walkability of the neighborhood. Whether walking or running around the 3 mile loop at Green Lake, relA newly remodeled 1-bedroom (king bed), backyard cottage. Off-street parking is next to the cottage and reserved for you. Stroll to 15 nearby restaurants and pubs.  Hop on a bus for a downtown adventure. Easy, 2-minute access to I-5.    Two-minute walk to a bus stop. Winter pricing starts in September.  Enter your dates to see the discounts for daily, weekly and monthly rates. Sleep in cozy comfort with guest-controlled heaters in each room. Located 100 back feet from the street, this quiet 500-square-foot, newly remodeled, backyard cottage has a level entry, a great room with modern kitchen, 1 bedroom and a bathroom. It sits inside a fenced yard and has a charming, private patio with a table, chairs, and view of the gardens. The great room has a queen sofa bed that is comfy, but just 69 inches long.  Cable TV and WiFi is provided. The kitchen has new appliances and ample cupboard and counter space with a dining peninsula. The bedroom has a luxurious king bed and a sliding door which oNewly remodeled with custom bath, well equipped kitchen with gas stove, very comfortable bed, quiet, located near outstanding restaurants - The Whale Wins, Westward, Joule and Mkt. and on the 26 bus line to downtown or Green Lake. Also walking to UW. Cozy and warm in winter, great location for walking, easy transportation to downtown, foodie paradise, near beautiful Green Lake, zoo and University of Washington. Maximum number of guests is two. Via keypad on garage. As desired by guests Everything you might need is within walking distance, unique shops, grocery shopping nearby (Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, QFC), great parks, several movie theaters (Guild 45th, Sundance, Varsity) live music (Seamonster Lounge, Neptune Theater), on street parking On 26 bus line which goes downtown and to Green Lake There is a heating vent that separates the kitchen from living room that is lower than the ceiling at 5'10" so this space might not be appropriate for taller guests3 Blocks from Green Lake 1.8 mi from UW, away from congestion.  Both floors are fully furnished, with full kitchens, wifi, HDTV, W-D - great for two couples staying over for an event, 2 families, a team, or wedding party. Restaurants, coffee shops. Quiet, sparse elegance, and close proximity to UW, downtown via bus Fully use of both floors - about 2200 square feet of enjoyable space with utilities on each floor Our supervisor is available all hours to help with any problems you might experience Amazing location - right next to Green Lake with many amenities: biking, jogging, inline skating, kayaking, sailing, tennis, 9 short-hole golf, swimming, basketball, sculling, or just sitting an enjoying the scenery. Few blocks from bus stop going all 4 directionsThis updated main-floor duplex is in one of Wallingford's charming turn-of-the-century homes. Set on a quiet street with a private entrance, tall ceilings, and hardwood floors, this 2 bedroom, 1.5 bath home boasts cozy furnishings. The living area has seating for 6, dining for 6, a large flat-panel TV set with cable and Roku, and a partial view of the Seattle skyline across Lake Union from the front porch.  A half bathroom is located in a nook off of the living room, near the entry area. A hallway leads to two bedrooms and a full bathroom with washer/dryer.  The first bedroom features a full-sized bed, perfect for children or for a couple. The second bedroom features a queen-sized bed. All mattresses are high quality and very comfortable. The second bedroom also has a French door leading to a small side yard. These two bedrooms sleep up to 4 people. We also have two high quality twin-sized air mattresses which have integrated pumps and can be placed in the living room to provide sleepiEnjoy our cozy studio apartment with private courtyard, separate entrance and plenty of on-street parking one block from Greenlake. Comfortably fits 2 adults or a family of 4, walk to Tangletown restaurants and easy access to downtown by car or bus! -- Please inquire about availability --  This private studio apartment is conveniently located in the Green Lake area of Seattle. Located one block from the lake, you can jog around the lake or find a pick-up game of soccer at the Lower Woodland playfields.  Walk to restaurants and cafes located along the lake or in the Tangletown and Wallingford neighborhoods, or catch a bus for a quick ride downtown or to South Lake Union and avoid traffic and parking. If you prefer to drive, there is also easy access from both I-5 and Hwy 99 for getting in or out of the city. Or simply relax with a cup of coffee or tea and a book in the private courtyard outside your door. The apartment is set up for cooking with a range, oven, microwave, coffee maker, aSpacious, well-lit mother-in-law apartment located in the basement of a 1920's “Seattle box" style single family house in the center of Wallingford. The rental is a spacious, well-lit mother-in-law apartment located in the basement of a 1920's “Seattle box" style single family house.  The apartment has a separate entrance along the side of the house, a well equipped kitchen, washer and dryer, wifi and AppleTV.  The bedroom has a queen sized bed and the living room has a sofa bed.  The property is kid-friendly, has chickens and a grey cat named “Cloud," a basketball hoop, and a great deck with views of Lake Union and downtown Seattle. Guests have exclusive access to the apartment and are welcomed to explore the entire property. The hosts will respect your privacy, but welcome interaction if you have questions, need anything at all or want to play basketball with our kids! The house is located in the middle of the charming Wallingford neighborhood and is within easy walking distance of aCozy, comfortable,apartment in the Wallingford/Fremont neighborhood.  Walking distance to Lake Union, Burke-Gilman Trail, UW, cool, funky shops and great restaurants.  Residential/urban neighborhood.  Full kitchen, Washer/dryer, and private entrance. Location, location, location! This is a very sweet, cozy, and comfortable space with nicely detailed features in one of the best neighborhoods in Seattle! It is a separate, day-light basement, mother-in-law apartment in our 1927 Wallingford bungalow home. Bamboo flooring throughout, white-tiled bathroom, granite counter tops and newer cabinets in kitchen. Easy, private access on side of house. Coffee shops abound. It is a self-contained apartment with a full kitchen, washer/dryer, and a separate entrance in he back of the house. Check-in is at 1:00 p.m. And check-out is at 11:00 a.m. We live upstairs and are available most days by text/phone. We are available to answer any questions you have. We love that it is friendly, funky, quintessentFantastic location! Bright and open remodeled  Craftsman - up to four guests. Incredible cooking facilities and central to restaurants and Greenlake. You couldn't ask for a more central location or neighborly feel. 3 night minimum. Our classic craftsman home is in the Wallingford neighborhood of Seattle.  It is within walking distance to groceries, parks, coffee shops, restaurants, and beautiful Greenlake.  Buses to downtown, the university, and other attractions are a few blocks away.  Play the Steinway baby grand if it appeals or get yourself going in the morning with our espresso machine (we'll send a how-to video if you need it--for espresso, not piano). This is our primary home so is fully stocked with kitchen, laundry, and other supplies. The house is light and airy with very comfortable beds and down comforters.  We are in the process of building a large backyard deck that should be done by the time you arrive but obviously no pictures yet. We have fast internet and close streetFreshly remodeled basement studio with private entrance.  Queen bed , futon, cable tv and Internet.  Golden location in Wallingford - Close to downtown, U.W.  and walking distance to restaurants.  Outdoor bbq and pizza oven. Come and enjoy the best that Seattle has to offer. Fresh new space in traditional 1926 Brick Colonial. Beautiful gardens , barbecue area and pizza oven. Private entrance and patio space. Large bathroom  and shower,  kitchenette ,  sleeps 4 Private entrance, Internet , cable tv , kitchenette, coffee maker. Available to assist in  points of interest during your stay. Wallingford is known as the Golden Triangle with its easy access to Ballard, Capital Hill, and Downtown. Bike / walking trail to U.W campus close by. Walking  distance to restaurants , grocery and Gas Works Park. Bus access on 40th street 1 block away. Great central location!Private and beautifuly lit room in our restored 1907 craftsman charmer with a large bed and soft carpet.  The bright kitchen is equipped with coffee, tea, and cooking supplies.  The large bathroom (shared) has a jacuzzi bath and fresh towels. The house has lovely lighting, often casting shadows over the large plants that sit in every corner.  Your room is a calming blue color, decorated with functionality and aesthetic in mind. Enjoy an extra deep jacuzzi bath. The kitchen, equipped with a stove, oven, and other supplies, is a great place to cook one or all of your meals while you stay here. Keurig or French press coffee every morning, just the way you like! I also have a loose leaf tea pot. Spend time on the comfortable couch watching ROKU with 100+ streaming channels or sit on the front porch & watch our active community go by. Your guest room is a part of our home.   As a guest you have access to everything except my bedroom. Your guest room door is locking for added security.  You Newly remodeled contemporary 2 bedroom apartment with all the amenities.  Easy access to Seattle points of interest such as University of Washington, Greenlake, Woodland Park Zoo, Pike Place Market and downtown. This freshly renovated 1921 two-decker house is fully loaded with all the comforts of home including:   • Private entrance with plenty of free on street parking. • 2 bedrooms each with lavish queen size beds. • 51" Plasma TV, DVD player & gaming console. • Free WIFI. • Bathroom towels, shampoo and soap to use during your stay • Large fully equipped kitchen including stainless appliances such as oven, microwave, refrigerator and dishwasher. • Comfortable living space  • Super comfy sofa that folds out into a high quality queen sized bed with memory foam mattress (we are NOT Kidding, this couch is awesome!) • Personal washer and dryer located within apartment. • Access to larger terraced yard with barbeque at your disposal. Perfect for 1 to 6 people, this apartment will appeal toEntire house: classic 1920s Northwest bungalow. Comfy, spacious 1,200 sq ft home. Garden, proper front porch, fireplace, formal dining room (w record player), vintage kitchen, lots of light. Surr. by cafes, bars, restos... The house is light-filled and warm with all amenities. The back bedroom faces the garden and has rich, warm hardwood floors and lots of light. The house has a spacious kitchen with standard, large refrigerator, gas stove and oven, electric kettle, French press coffee maker, lots of pots, pans, bowls and baking items as well as seating for at least four at the breakfast table. The dining room is also spacious and has a large formal dining table and chairs, lots of records and a great old stereo system that loves to be played. The front porch seats a small party and is a sweet spot for the sunrise or the afternoon sun. The living room boasts a fab fireplace for the cooler evenings (or mornings) and lots of seating for reading all the art books, cook books (the contentsEnjoy a studio with everything you need. Just two blocks from Wallingford's commercial street, 45th street, you're near buses, great diverse restaurants, and supermarkets. Free, easy street parking also available. Entire apartment. I'll be abroad, but I have friends that will help you get acquainted with the space. Great neighborhood! Close to Lake Union, Greenlake, Fremont, and the famous Molly Moons! •There's a Walgreens Pharmacy (not 24hrs) on Stone and 45- there you will find toiletries, small food items and anything else you may need. •There's a QFC on 45th street (great supermarket)—you can walk north on Stone Way, make a right on 45th and it'll be on your left side (about 3-4 blocks) •There's a bunch of restaurants and dessert places on 45th street. Most locations close around 9:30pm. •Greenlake is located north on Stone Way. It has a 2.75 mile paved loop. Great for running, walking, picnics and people watching •Lake Union is located south on Stone Way (about 10 blocks). Nearby Location and sparse elegance makes this a great place to relax after enjoying Seattle.  1.2 miles north of the UW, 3 blocks from Greenlake, you have it all.  Hardwood floors, natural lighting, fully equipped kitchen, wifi, comfortable queen beds. Spacious, airy, bright home with beautiful floors, 3 blocks from Green Lake Entire upstairs floor of house Our Supervisor Tony is available to assist with any issues that come up during your stay Woodlawn is 3 blocks away from Seattle's treasured Green Lake with biking, boating, jogging, tennis, basketball, inline skating, 9-hole short course Bus transportation all directions is a short walk away.  1.2 miles from University of Washington, 1 mile from Woodland Park Zoo.This cute 1 bedroom place is safe and quiet, but actually minutes in walking distance from awesome places and things in  Fremont. Restaurants, Cafes, and Brewery's are only a few blocks away! Close to bus lines to downtown. The space is a 1 bedroom in a 6 unit apartment building. Windows in every room in the apartment. Washer and Dryer in unit. Nice big bedroom. Whole apartment is about 750sq feet. No pets. Queen size bed. Free street parking with a restriction of moving your car every 2 hours from 8-5. No meter though! The place is right between Wallingford and Fremont. 0.5 miles to Gasworks Park, Coffee shops and restaurants and bars within blocks. The Famous Troll is just walking distance as well. Really close to Fremont's downtown area. Buslines 2 blocks away.Warm 1-bedroom private apartment located in the middle of charming and walkablevery comfortable bed. Bus stop to downtown 50ft away.  The apartment sits in 1920's house with a lovely garden: perfect for enjoying breakfast while soaking up some Seattle sun. I live about 15 minutes away and happy to act as guide, be a resource during your stay, and still provide you privacy. Wallingford is a cozy pocket of Seattle located directly north of Lake Union, with eccentric Fremont and Ballard to the west and the University District about 1 mile to the east. 45th Ave has plenty of top-ranked restaurants, boutiques and ice cream shops.  Try Yoroshiku for some delicious and authentic ramen noodles, perfect for a Seattle fall day. Busses 26 and 28 pick up 30 feet from the apartment and take you directly downtown. Bus 31/32 to the University District/eastbound pick up 200 feet away. Bus 44 to Ballard 5 blocks away. Free street parking adjacent to building. The apartment faces 40th Ave which means yoPlease note: Prices includes 9.5% local sales tax Spacious 1-bedroom apartment in 1926 craftsman house, central part of Seattle in the Wallingford neighborhood. Private entrance apartment is located in the basement (6 steps up & 9 steps down to get to it), well lit with natural light by four windows in the living area and one window each in the bedroom and bathroom.  800+ sq. ft of living space with open large living area and fully equipped kitchen, bedroom and a .75 bathroom (Bathroom access is through the master bedroom).  Furnished to sleep & eat for four (queen bed in BR, a sleeper sofa & a futon in LR) with full size washer & dryer. (Note: sleeper sofa good for 2 children or an adult. May be tight for 2 adults). There is no dining table; but the kitchen bar has four barstools. Fully equipped kitchen with electric stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher and fridge. Enough pots & pans, dishes, utensils and silverware to cook and feed 4-8 people.  Walk Score 95, Bike Score 89, Transit ScoMy home in Wallingford has a cozy, separate apartment in the basement level with two bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen and washer-dryer.  I will do all I can to help make your stay in Seattle enjoyable.  The basement apartment has separate access from the side of the house. The side of the house has a nice sitting area.  Smoking is allowed on the side of the house.  The back of the house has a barbecue pit and a outside dining table that you are also welcome to use. The kitchen downstairs is fully functional and there is a large refrigerator.   The TV in the living room and main bedroom downstairs has Direct TV and lots of channels. The smart TV in the living room has Netflix and Pandora, etc. There is also a washer and dryer in the downstairs apartment.  I believe I have everything that you will need in the basement apartment to make your stay comfortable and enjoyable; if there is anything that you need during your stay that I don't yet have downstairs, I am happy to buy it or share it witGreat Wallingford location, right across from green lake. 10 minutes from downtown. Wifi, but sometimes it is slow.  Up stairs.  Rules: Normal sleep hours. Quite around 11. I go to sleep early and wake up pretty early as well.  Clean-up after yourself. sorry no pets. Clean living room with air bed. Nothing fancy, but everything you need is here. Full kitchen with lots of great appliances. Feel free to use the kitchen. Green Lake!  Right across the street. Swimming, kayaking, paddle board, and just lounging. I am around most of the time. I am easy going and eager to hear about your travels. Green Lake!  I can't say enough about how nice it is. Runners dream.  Walking distance to Wallingford and Green Lake neighborhood. Great restaurants! Near bus lines. Bike parking in the basement. Walking distance to Wallingforsd and restaurants. Pretty close to the University.Private bedroom and bathroom in updated 1914 craftsman house with modern furnishings.  The house is 1500 sq ft with original beautiful box beam ceilings and leaded glass windows and hardwood floors.  There is central heat and air conditioning, so you will keep cool in the summer.  The guest room is on the main floor of the house with private bathroom nearby.    The room is furnished with a queen bed, dresser, small closet with hangers, luggage rack and laundry hamper.  The queen bed is outfitted with cotton sheets,  a couple different types of pillows, down alternative duvet and cotton duvet cover.  The bathroom is always equipped with towels, hair dryer, toilet paper, soap, shampoo and conditioner.  There are usually extra goodies like shaving cream, q-tips, razors and lotions too. The main floor kitchen, living areas and TV room (50" TV) are shared with me.  You are also welcome to relax on the front porch or back deck. My bed and bath are located on the second level, so no guests upEnjoy a charming get-away in the heart of the Wallingford neighborhood of Seattle just north of Lake Union.  Centrally located, our private unit is within walking distance of parks, restaurants, shopping, UW, Greenlake, the Zoo and buses to downtown. Our 1906 Dutch Colonial home in the charming Wallingford neighborhood offers a private-entrance ground level suite. The one-bedroom unit's living room is furnished with a full-size futon couch, a leather loveseat and 39-inch flat screen "Smart" TV (with built in Netflix).  The bedroom has a very comfortable full-size bed with plenty of closet storage space. The kitchenette includes dishes and silverware for four, a small refrigerator, microwave, toaster oven, tea, coffee and coffee maker, as well as a small eating nook and sink. The tiny, but charming tiled bathroom includes toilet, sink and shower.The private apartment opens out to our landscaped backyard, complete with a three-tiered deck, outdoor seating and dining, a BBQ and a salt watI am excited to share my space with a lucky traveler! The room has two parts - the social area and the sleeping nook (fits a full sized bed). It's a very versatile, comfortable room.  You also have access to a kitchen, fridge, fire place, and piano. Your room is composed of two spots - the social space and the sleeping nook.  There is ample room in the sleeping nook to hang clothes, store shoes, etc.  There is an armoire in the social space, a desk for studying, a sofa and chair for lounging. You will have a key to the house.  Please call either of these roommates to confirm where they will be place.   Ashely - (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN), Wade - (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN). If that doesn't work send me an email and I'll tell you the location of the backup spare key. I am away on travels for several months, so I will not be able to stop by. However, my housemates will be around to help you if you need. This area is right on the strip of downtown Wallingford so you will have access to great bars, cThis classic craftsman house includes all of the modern amenities necessary for a comfortable stay.   The house is located in a quiet street one block away from Wallingford Center, a grocery store (QFC) and many bars and restaurants. My girlfriend Jessica and I live in this home and you will have access to the entire home while we are away.  We will leave a key to the back door in a lock box and a couple of sets of keys on the kitchen table. We will have some things in the closet but most things we will move to the attic (which we may lock); in any event, there will be plenty of space for your things. The entire home aside from the separate mother-in-law unit in the basement, which is being rented out to a very nice couple (Matt and Llyn) with a couple of dogs (Lulu and Duke).  They have a separate entrance through the side of the house.  You are also welcome to use the back deck and grill. I am happy to meet you and answer any questions you may have if you arrive before we depart on tBright and spacious two bedroom apartment located directly across from Green Lake, one of the most desired neighborhoods of Seattle. You can jog the scenic loop around the lake or take a stroll to multiple restaurants and coffee houses in the area. The apartment itself consists of a nice, open layout with a sectional couch and large TV - great for Netflix, HBO, or our growing DVD collection :) We enjoy cooking, so we keep the kitchen well stocked with supplies that you may help yourself to as often as you like.  The bedroom accommodates up to two adults in a full bed and a huge closet for your things. Cozy and quiet! We will provide fresh linens and towels as needed. Shared kitchen and bathroom. Flat screen TV with Netflix, HBO, and a ton of DVDs. Access to washer and dryer (in adjoining building) High speed Internet and lots of storage space. You will have access to all areas in the apartment besides our bedroom. We are both working professionals so we ask that guests are mindful and There is a pillow-top mattress on the bed which makes you feel like you're sleeping on a cloud. More importantly though, there is a very large window next to the bed offering a stunning view of all of downtown Seattle behind beautiful Lake Union. The private bedroom is all yours. We also have 1.5 shared bathrooms and a full kitchen to which you have full access. We also have a living room with a television that you are welcome to share with us, and a large deck with a view. We will be home some of the time, but we also work. As much as we're home, we're able to offer information about the city and how to get around it. Our apartment is in Wallingford which is one of the old hip, artsy neighborhoods in Seattle. It is a five to  ten minute walk at most to the University of Washington, Bars, Restaurants, grocery stores, Gasworks Park, and other shops and galleries. There are bus stops across the street from the apartment with bus lines heading to and from downtown every twenty minutes. AlBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is a lower bunk, in a 4-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn somethThis quiet, artist apartment has lots of windows for light, a fully stocked kitchen if you like to cook, a beautiful bedroom is subdued tones. 24hour grocery store with a whole natural foods floor is downstairs. Across from a wonderful independent movie theater, taqueria, and coffee shops.Perfect for visiting family in Seattle.  Our mother-in-law apartment is located in the Green Lake/Wallingford area.  Great parks and restaurants just around the corner.  We even have a small market and micro-brewery in the neighborhood. Walking Family Paradise Our Mother-In-Law Apartment gives has a separate entrance offering the privacy and freedom to roam at will.   The apartment offers: •	Living Room •	Kitchen •	Dining Table •	Bathroom with Laundry •	Bedroom with Queen-Sized Bed Ideal for anybody that enjoys walking and parks.  The futon couch in the living room folds into a single bed offering sleeping space.  Our apartment houses 2 adults or a family of 4 comfortably. Then get out and take that walk and explore the area.  Walk past baseball games up to Woodland Park Zoo.  Follow the Burke-Gillman Trail along the north shore of Lake Union to the university of Washington.  Carry your groceries back from Wallingford and make a meal at home.  Or go around the corner and get something This apartment is in the lower level of a classic 1915 craftsman bungalow in the heart of Wallingford with a walk score of 93.  Ideally located between 45th & 50th just 3 blocks to restaurants, grocery store and drug stores. Welcome to the Wallingford Burke Retreat!  Your home away from home in Seattle.  This welcoming apartment is in the lower level of a classic 1915 Seattle craftsman home in the heart of one of Seattle's most favorite neighborhoods.  A 3 block walk plops you down in the center of the Wallingford neighborhood with a grocery store, multiple drug stores, and more restaurants than you could possibly try in a week's stay.  Restaurants range from breakfast hot spots, indian, thai, sushi, japanese, mediterranean, mexican, and of course many coffee shops and cafes. There is a movie theater (The Guild) and many bars to choose from including a couple of live music venues. The apartment has it's own entrance.  It features 2 bedrooms, 1 with a brand new queen mattress and the otEnjoy your stay in Seattle by staying on Lake Union right by Gas Works Park and  just 15 minutes walk from the Fremont area. Fabulous views of the Space Needle, 4th July Fireworks, Lake Union & Seattle. 3 double staterooms and 3 baths. Sleeps 6. The Silhouette is a 63ft power yacht. Kitchen with dishwasher, microwave and fridge/freezer. Large main salon with flat screen Digital Cable TV, stereo and dining area seating 6. The stairs to upper fly bridge are in the main salon.  Master King size stateroom is to the rear of the boat with en-suite with sink, shower/ bath tub combo. The additional staterooms all have  their own shower, sink & toilet.  The upper, covered fly bridge has great views of the Seattle skyline and dining/seating for 10 people. It's  the perfect spot to take in the sights and sounds of Seattle and lake activity, sea planes, boats, paddle boarders, kayakers and more while sipping a glass of wine or having your morning coffee.  Evening views are lovely as well. Walk aroLovely, garden-wrapped craftsman home, easy access to UW, Fremont, downtown. Hot tub, outdoor shower! Bedrooms on upper floor. Well equipped kitchen, lots of sunlight. Across from school playground. Enjoy honey from backyard hive.    This 100+ year old home is a perfectly located in a quiet, family-oriented neighborhood, close to the UW, I-5 and downtown.  Three bedrooms are on the second floor:  - Master bedroom with queen bed - Child's room with twin bed, converts to bunkbed to sleep two - Front bedroom / office has twin bed that converts to a king size bed.  The front bedroom also has a treadmill desk. Get some work done while you work out!  First floor has a well-stocked kitchen, comfortable living room and dining room.  In addition to the comfortable living area inside, there's a large deck, gas grill, hot tub and outdoor shower. Enjoy! The house is situated with easy access to I-5, bus lines and biking walking trails to get you wherever you'd like to go. It's an easy walk to the RENOVATED CRAFTSMAN HOME  |  NEW BED  |  FITS TWO |  CENTRALLY LOCATED  |  SPACIOUS KITCHEN  |  LOVELY COURTYARD BISTRO  |  FREE PARKING  |  AWESOME BUSINESS WORKSPACE  |  SUPER-SPEED WIFI 1-GIG (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) OF THREE ROOMS OFFERED ON AIRBNnB THE YELLOW SUITE - Super COMFORTABLE, Super CLEAN, Super QUIET. Five blocks from GreenLake & other Seattle adventures! This spacious private suite is a fantastic space for your Seattle stay. Comfortably fits two with a brand-new KING size bed & lots of storage space.    Located on the second story of my home, which has a shared bathroom adjacent to your suite. There is also a large bathroom located on the main floor (sunken tub, walk-in shower, heated floors).  I have my own private suite in the basement, so please make the main floor your own during your stay.  BTW my home has three suites available (Blue, Green & Yellow), if this suite is not available, feel free to inquire about one of my other suites - all three suites are listed on AIQuiet apartment in Wallingford. Surrounded by beautiful parks, craftsmen homes, and close to everything! On major bus routes and comes with a parking space. Private entrance, eating area, balcony, and tons of books inside! Large spacious apartment with private entry in quiet, centrally-located neighborhood. Apartment has a dishwasher, bathtub, parking space, eating area, balcony, and heating! Just the apartment and the parking space on the side of the building. The unit is available when I'm out of town. So I will not be present. I will have my cell-phone and be able to answer your questions. Though unlikely, in the event of an emergency I will have neighbors that you can contact. This apartment is in Wallingford, it is a centrally located neighborhood in North Seattle sitting above Lake Union. It is a 15 minute walk from Fremont, Gasworks Park, Woodland Park Zoo, and Greenlake Park. Wallingford is a quiet residential neighborhood filled with beautiful craftsmen homes, gardens spillingThis is a downtairs 1 BR unit with full kitchen in our home in Wallingford,  5 min walk to Burke Gilman trail, Gasworks Park, SUP rental. Great restaurants, bars, shops in Wallingford center.  You will have access to our fenced yard w/ HTub! Enjoy your own private apartment just steps from Gasworks Park, Lake Union and Burke Gillman Trail.  Why We Love Our Home  -We have a big terraced backyard with a hot tub, garden, deck, and grill  -It's within walking distance to many bars, shops and restaurants in Wallingford and Fremont (4645, Cantinetta, Whale Wins, Joule, Manolin, Westward, Ivars) -It's close to Lake Union (Westward Restaurant, Burke Gilman bike path, Gasworks, Stand Up Paddle Rental) -Public transportation to downtown Seattle, Ballard, University District, etc This unit is a Mother-In-Law Suite in the basement of the house shown. It has it's own entry from the side of the house.  We occasionally list our entire house, please inquire if interested. The unit includes 1 Bedroom wOur comfortable and stylish home is a short walk to Green Lake park and great local bars, restaurants and coffee shops. A nice open and updated kitchen/dining/living room floor plan. Quick access to other great Seattle neighborhoods and downtown. Our home has an open floor plan on the main floor great for relaxing, making food, listening to music, or watching a movie. One bedroom and bathroom on the main floor and two more bedrooms and master bathroom on the upper floor. Two bedrooms have queen size beds and one has a twin bed. Our stereo in the living room connects wirelessly to an iphone or ipad to play music throughout the space. Our TV in the living room has Apple TV access to lots of movies and shows on demand.  Feel free to use our cookbooks in the kitchen or read any book laying around the house (just leave the bookmark in). You're welcome to Nespresso coffee and to use our herbs/spices/oils for cooking. Make yourselves at home and enjoy your time in Seattle. It's a great city wCome stay in a room in our home, located in Wallingford right on the edge of Fremont.  Our location is convenient to most places in the city, and within walking distance to Gasworks Park, and the shops and restaurants in both Fremont and Wallingford! Nestled on a quiet street near Gasworks Park, Fremont, and Wallingford, this house has everything anyone visiting Seattle could want.  The room is bright and airy, and never feels dark - even when Seattle gets a little gloomy. You'll have the entire room to yourself, a bathroom that is shared with us, and full access to the entire main floor of the house - including the awesome kitchen!   Additionally, there is a cozy front porch and backyard to enjoy. We really love hosting!  We interact with you as much or as little as you'd like.   We love giving Seattle tourist tips, too. Our neighborhood is walkable with tons of amenities.  We have a wide variety of bars, restaurants, shops, and sites to see. We're convenient to a ton of AMAZING dininCute room with star wars decorations, comfy futon, warm friendly foodie host, in a neighborhood where you can get to everything in Seattle super easy by bus, cab, uber or on foot. Full bath, kitchen with nook, internet all yours to use. You will be staying in our upstairs guest room on a very comfortable futon.    The space is decorated with a Star Wars theme, as is the rest of the house smattered with yoda and boba fett.  Perfect for the inner or outer geek.  There is room for you and your suitcases to comfortable reside and take rest. You will have access to your room, a full bathroom with shower  & Aveda shampoo and conditioner plus emergency travel supplies if you need, kitchen with all supplies for cooking ((website hidden) oil, spices, pots, pans, plateware/silverware) and a portion of the fridge to store your food, kitchen nook to eat your breakfast, and dining room table if you need to spread out. We also have a washer and dryer onsite if you need to do laundry during your stayNewly remodeled, 2-bedroom ground floor apartment in two story house.  Fully furnished and functional, with 2 queen sized beds, 2 elegant leather couches, fully equipped modern kitchen, 1-step up door access, full bathroom and utility.  Close to bus and bike rental. Three blocks to Green Lake where you can enjoy walking, biking, inline skating, basketball, indoor swimming, and a variety of boating activities - canoe, kayak, sailboat. Restaurants nearby. We are 1.8 miles from the UW. Warm, fully functional, natural light, sparse elegance, perfect location for university, Greenlake, Seattle downtown via bus/bike.  Away from traffic! Greenlake: boating, jogging, biking, indoor/outdoor basketball, Zoo, concerts, people watching, great coffee, wine, and eateries, and of course the University. Like you, we are busy but available. Happy to answer your questions about city adventures or enjoying our home. Great breakfast, coffee, ethnic restaurants. Outdoor amenities, and easy access to bus liWomen Only. Quiet urban oasis awaits you...fresh flowers in room...bird watch over coffee from the kitchen nook. Free WIFI, laundry, and parking. Pls ask if you need nights that are not showing as available. Near central bus lines. My house is a sunny centrally located house with a small Koi pond and two patios.  Full kitchen is stocked with coffee and tea, along with the necessary dishes and accoutrements for cooking.   One bedroom with double bed - sleeps two. Locking bedroom doors.  Two patios; one is directly off the guest room and has a small Koi pond with a serene waterfall (the pond is covered from October thru March but the cover is removable during the day if you wish).   Pack light - Use of washer and dryer and laundry products at no charge. Please inquire as to additional nights if you don't see the availability you want. I can often open additional availability. Guests have access to all but one bedroom. Free use of washer and dryer and laundry supplies. Free street parkingFriendly, renovated, clean, comfortable 1 bedroom apartment in residential Greenlake neighborhood. Walking distance to Greenlake, Zoo, Woodland Park and bus lines, 1 mi from UW, 5 mi from Seattle Center and downtown.  Cook in or walk to restaurants. 2-3 person, furnished apartment with own entrance, kitchen equipped for cooking , bath with shower (no tub), bedroom with queen-size Posturpedic bed, additional air-mattress avail., desk, wireless internet, TV, cable, control of heat within apartment. 2 night minimum stay and $50 cleaning fee. Shared hot tub in private yard, shared washer/dryer (extra charge $2/ wash, $2/dry honor system, laundry soap and dryer sheets provided), storage for bikes, etc in garage if needed. I live upstairs and can interact as needed but allow you as much privacy as you prefer. Breakfast on your own but coffee and tea provided in the unit. Note: we are early risers for work upstairs and although the apartment is a separate unit, it is possible to hear people mYour own Private 1 Bedroom apartment in the Heart of Wallingford.  Walking Distance to UW, Gasworks Park, Burke Gilman Trail, Fremont, Wallingford Shops & Restaurants Enjoy your own private apartment just steps from Gasworks Park, University village, and Burke Gilman Trail. The apartment unit is a Mother-In-Law Unit in house in the Wallingford neighborhood of Seattle. The house was built in 2002. The entrance is from the backyard of the house.  The unit is a Mother-In-Law Suite in the basement of the house shown. It has it's own entry from the back of the house. To get to the unit, you'd walk up the stairs to the house, down the pathway shown to the backyard, and then through the door to the unit from the back patio area.  The bed is a full sized bed, comfortably sleeps 2 if you're willing to get cozy!  Parking is available on the street. If you have a bike, you can store it in the backyard in the gated area.  The unit has a washer/dryer, cable tv, wifi internet (can be spotty towards 5 bedroom 2 bath - Great location in a neighborhood with great walk score and close to everything, including express transit to downtown & the UW.  Fantastic wine store 2 blocks away.  Restaurants, food trucks and Trader Joes not much farther Wallingford Craftsman built in 1906- 6 bedrooms and 6-7 (real) beds total - 2 bedrooms (1 room with a King bed and one room with a 2 twin beds) and bathroom with bathtub/shower are on the  main floor.  Main floor is hard wood flooring with some area rugs.  Top floor has one bedroom with view of Lake Union and down town (with a Queen bed).  The top floor also has a separate "sleeping loft" which is counted as a bedroom,  a very large room at the top of the stairs with no door that has a Queen bed with extra area for air mattresses, sleeping on the floor, etc. and  queen air mattresses are available.  The space is large and has privacy. Upstairs area is wall to wall carpet.  Downstairs there is one bedroom with a king size bed as well as another rooBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is a lower bunk, in a 4-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn somethBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is a lower bunk, in a 2-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn somethBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 4-person shared room. ** This is an all-female room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, deveBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 4-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn sometThis spacious two-bedroom in Wallingford offers on-site parking, private patio, well-equipped kitchen, and a full bath. Easy access to restaurants, bars, I-5, the University, and minutes to downtown. Public transit 1/2 block away. Walk score of 92! Sunnyside Seattle Suite is a two-bedroom apartment in a spacious light-filled triplex with two queen beds, private bath with tub and shower, private entry, enclosed patio, full kitchen, and updated furnishings. Amenities include Wifi internet, TV, local cable, HBO, heating, hair dryer, linens, coffee, and tea. It is a main-level unit of a triplex with the owners living on site. Shared laundry is available. The apartment is accessed by a coded lock and no keys are needed.  Dedicated parking is available.  We like to give guests their privacy, but we are available any time for questions or needs.  Laid-back, centrally-located Wallingford is bordered by the waters of Lake Union to the south, Greenlake to the north, funky Fremont  to the west, tThe apartment is on the second floor.  Guest will have their own kitchen with everything they need to create a meal. They will have their own washing machine and dryer. A balcony that looks out on the garden. The interaction will be determined by the guests and what their needs are. We are flexible and friendly.. What we like about our neighborhood: walking distance to Woodlawn Park zoo, Greenlake Park jogging and swimming or a sweet slow walk around the lake on the 2.8 mile path. Fremont Outdoor Market on Sundays. Walking distance to 45th Street restaurants and shopping.  Ten minute bus ride on the "E" line to Downtown (Pike Place Market, Seattle Center, EMP) bus stop one minute away. Easy access to Ballard,  downtown Seattle and the entire city by bus. Bus transportation is just outside the heart gate. Walking to Zoo, Green lake park, Fremont and Wallingford neighborhood.   Our comfortable, bright, 2-bedroom mother-in-law suite has a separate entry and off-street parking. We are 2 blocks from restaurants and shops along 45th St, and walking distance to the UW. Easy access to I-5 and well served by public transportation. This is a comfortable, spacious, and well-lit mother-in-law unit in my family's house in Wallingford. My family and I live upstairs. Guests will have access to the entire suite. This includes a master bedroom with a queen bed, a second bedroom with two twin beds, and a living room with a leather sofabed. The kitchen is fully equipped and includes a full-sized range, dishwasher, refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, blender, and toaster. There is DSL wifi included, and a 47" HDTV with Dish Network and DVD player. The full bathroom is well-lit, and there is a washer and dryer in the unit. There are closets in both bedrooms and in the front hall. Off-street parking is available outside the suite. My family and I live upstairs - 3 adults, 2 kBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 2-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn sometBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 4-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn somet1 bedroom charming getaway in my peaceful and holistic Wallingford craftsman home, 2 blocks from Gasworks Park and Burke-Gilman trail.  Breathe in nature from the aspiring habitat garden and begin and end your day with the "earth move" on the patio, garden, or decks.  The home and fenced grounds are shared by my 9 year old golden doodle "Happy" and me in the upper unit and long-term tenants on the middle floor.  The private entrance into the basement B&W opens directly into the garden and patio, with bbq and tranquil sitting areas.  The 800 sq ft apartment is equipped with wireless wifi, TV with blueray and Direct TV, CD player, gas fireplace, washer/dryer, and well equipped kitchen.  Queen sized comfy bed in separate bedroom.  My 1907 house has old bones and one can occasionally hear the squeeks from above, particularly over the bedroom ~7:30AM and when their washer is on the spin cycle.    But, if you're a light sleeper, this unit will likely not work for you.  Thankfully, we're not Full apt w/ separate entrance located in Wallingford, one of Seattle's coolest neighborhoods!  Quiet street but just over a block away from 45th St.'s coffee shops, restaurants, bars, movie theaters, and stores.  Centrally located to the entire city! Wallingford is a very walkable neighborhood, and within Wallingford, we are extremely close to all of the action, including two great parks for families.  Our apartment is very comfortable and has everything you need, including a private entrance.  We have two young children and our place is definitely kid-friendly.  We hope that our guests don't mind sounds of pitter-pattering upstairs.   Guests have access to a washer/dryer, the back yard, dishwasher, a large DVD and VHS collection, and all that Seattle has to offer! We are friendly hosts but our approach is hands-off unless you are in need of advice or assistance. Renowned restaurants (especially Japanese), great bars, two funky old movie theaters, Dick's Drive-In, awesome coffee shops,Private bedroom with a full bed in the basement suite of our recently renovated craftsman home. The suite has two rooms, both rentals through Airbnb. It can comfortably accommodate 4 guests. Private bedroom with a queen bed in the basement suite of our recently renovated craftsman home. The suite has two rooms, if this room is not available, feel free to inquire about the second room. Both rentals are through Airbnb. The suite can comfortably accommodate 4 guests.  The suite includes a shared kitchen, living room, laundry room, and bath room. Internet access and parking are included.  Our home is within walking distance of Greenlake (10 min.), and several wonderful restaurants and cafes. Greenlake is wonderful recreational area. Excellent for walking, cycling, or running. There is also a rental area for small water crafts and a playground and pool nearby. Woodland Zoo is a short walk from Greenlake. Over the summer Woodland Zoo hosts outdoor concerts. There are three fantastic restauraWell situated home in the heart of Wallingford. Two kid friendly bedrooms on the main floor, along with a full bathroom. A master bedroom and bathroom upstairs. The guest bedroom with a separate bath is in the basement. Transit and shops nearby. This is a classic, 3-level bungalow in central Wallingford, a short walk from parks, grocery stores and restaurants. The entire home is at your disposal, including a spacious back yard with fire pit and play house for the little ones. We will be out of town, but a friend who lives close by, and who knows the space well, will help with any unexpected needs. Wallingford is a quiet, leafy, residential neighborhood that is close to everything.  Interstate 5 is near (but not too near) to quickly take you to more  distant destinations.  In recent years a number of excellent restaurants have opened up on 45th Street (which is the main thoroughfare, we are on 43rd). Several bus lines that pass a few blocks from the house, will whisk you to downtown SeaCome explore a quintessential Seattle neighborhood as a guest in our 600 square foot studio apartment in Greenlake. With a bathroom, full kitchen and comfortable Queen sized bed, you'll have everything you need to make your Seattle stay enjoyable.Fabulous Green Lake home.  2 blocks from the lake! We just refinished the hardwood floors in the living room and added all new tile in the kitchen and bathroom. New pictures coming soon. Our home has wood floors throughout, large windows, a cozy fireplace, an open floor plan and is located two blocks south of Greenlake.  We rent our home when we have (skiing, wedding attending, cycling, adventuring, etc) plans that take us out of town. We try to meet you when you arrive, but if that's not possible then we hope you make yourself at home! We have two bedrooms: the master bedroom has a pillow top king bed, the guest room has a twin bed and a crib.  Both have down comforters.  The futon in the living room easily folds down to sleep two.  We also set up a play space for our toddler which is filled with musical instruments, wooden trains and toys and puzzles; making the space perfect for a young family or for the young at heart. Our kitchen it set up perfectly for those who enjoy cooking on Has great kitchen, has lots of natural light, is directly next to a 24hr grocery store, easy access to multiple bus lines to take you directly to the U-district, Fremont, Ballard, and downtown, easy parking. We will be out of the country during your stay, so we'll be available by email during that time. There's a ton to see in the Wallingford area - high walking score. Green Lake is very close; old style movie theaters; many bars and restaurants in the area. Easy access to rest of Seattle. We'll provide more information upon request if you have a car.Private room in small home with single Artist, in a great, central Seattle location.  It is a shoeless house.  The bedroom is on the 2nd floor.   The bathroom is on the first floor and is shared with the host and other guests, if there are others.  Wi-Fi, street parking.   The listed room is most comfortable for 2 guests.  There is a foldout futon bed in this room for a third person, or as a second bed option, for $10/stay.  The open futon does make the room a bit crowded.  Please view photo! If you have a third guest, and the room is available (there is the possibility that the other room is booked by another guest), I have a twin bed in the "sun room/laundry room" which is appropriate for a single guest.  There is a $20/night charge for this extra room. Wi-Fi, Kitchen access, Coffee and Teas I make myself available, and enjoy some conversation when it feels mutually appropriate. Guests are always free to come and go as they please. There are several bus lines within 2 blocks of the hOur sweet place is in the best part of town!  Extremely walkable yet in a beautiful neighborhood setting.  Enjoy free parking and all the comforts of home! Our sweet place is in the best part of town!  Extremely walkable yet in a beautiful neighborhood setting.  Enjoy free parking and all the comforts of home! Built, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 4-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn sometCome stay in our centrally located house with a view! Your spacious bedroom has a queen bed (extra twin available on request) and a private shower/bath. You have access to the whole first floor which includes the solarium, gourmet kitchen and deck! We have one room with a big comfy queen-size bed to rent in a beautiful sunny Wallingford home - two large closets, and a private bathroom.  The house has a huge solarium, gourmet kitchen, large deck, beautiful backyard, views over Lake Union east to the Cascade Mountains, and to downtown Seattle.  We are centrally located to everything, one block off the Burke-Gilman biking trail, 3 blocks to buses downtown (15 minutes), a mile from the UW, and a mile from Fremont.    We are a shared house of two: Michael and...another Michael! We share the upstairs and have flexible work schedules that allow us to regularly have meals together which our guests are welcome to join as possible. Michael 1 owns and manages two yoga studios and a dance/event veThis comfy cozy bedroom with modern touches is the perfect spot to unwind at the end of a work day or spend time on a weekend trip! It comfortably fits two people. You'll love taking a walk to greenlake or nearby shops and being seconds from I-5! Our large home in the Wallingford neighborhood is very cozy. Filled with sentimental knick-knacks, handcrafted furniture, and some modern touches, you'll feel right at home. With large windows in the front room, there is a ton of light in the common spaces! Our Weimaraner (think gray lab with eeyore's personality) Franklin may or may not greet you when you get home, and you can be sure to find him napping most of his days away. Because this house is across the bridge from downtown, the parking on the street is free and easy to find any time of day!  Our guest bedroom is on the 1st floor and right next door to the bathroom. In the basement you will find a washer and dryer that is not coin operated - so feel free to do your laundry! We do not haThis tiny Green Lake cabin is close to everything you need and perfect for families with children.  Small, well-stocked kitchen; king sized bed, twin futon and toddler bed, plenty of books and toys, sandbox, picnic table and huge front yard. Our little house is perfect for up to 4 adults or a family with up to 3 small children.  The master bedroom has a king-sized bed, and the second bedroom/playroom has a couch that can fold out to a twin sized futon (Just let us know if you'll be needing it). Off the second bedroom is a little kid's room with a toddler-sized bed (5 years and under). The playroom and kid's room have: - A House Inhabit TeePee - A vintage Ikea play kitchen - Plenty of kid's books - Puzzles and children's games The kitchen is small and simple with a little eating nook that seats 2-4. No microwave or dishwasher, but everything else you need including toaster, coffee grinder, french press, Chemex, and BlendTec blender. Great spice selection, oils and condiments. Local coffOur cozy basement studio is two blocks south of Greenlake and the perfect jumping off spot for all your Seattle explorations. Run around the lake, walk to fantastic restaurants or quickly pop downtown on nearby bus lines. This space is occasionally used as a small preschool.     The studio features a sleeping nook with a comfy pillowtop mattress (you'll climb a two step stool to get up to the loft, ceiling height is just right for sitting up to read in bed from the built in light); many guests have had their best sleep in this quite, nest-like nook. The kitchenette is equipped for simple cooking with a half sized stove, mini fridge, microwave and French press for your morning coffee. If cooking isn't your thing, there is an abundance of fabulous restaurants within walking distance. We love sharing recommendations of our favorite spots. The bathroom has a new tile shower with a river rock floor and nice, hot water and strong pressure.  There is a chaise lounge style futon that can be usCharming funky cottage in the heart of one of Seattle's best neighborhoods, Wallingford. While there is plenty of parking, you may not even need your car to enjoy what Seattle has to offer, as my 1905 home has a Walk Score of 91 and Bike Score of 85. This is one of the original houses in the Wallingford neighborhood, built in 1905.  It was built at the very back of the lot (though in 1905 it was at the base of a small hill, now my neighbor's back yard), and subsequently has a big front yard and plenty of air space around the house.  Many of the houses in Wallingford are built quite close together, but my house has clear access to sunshine and garden views, particularly on the south side. The neighborhood used to be covered by an apple orchard, and we have one of the original trees, a Gravenstein apple tree. Since this is a room in a house, you have full access to the shared places in the house:  kitchen, living room, yard.  You know, like a normal house. While I'm quite friendly and soFully-renovated charming Seattle home with parking for 2 cars. Adult master bedroom upstairs with full luxury bath. Children bunk-bed room with full bath on main floor. 2 guest bedrooms and attached 1/2 bath downstairs. Full-family ready! Our home is a classic 1920's Craftsman style bungalow home with 3 floors of living space and outdoor dining deck. It is not a full-time rental, but instead our usual year-round home. In that respect we take great pride in the quality of our kitchen and amenities, baths and fixtures, etc. You'll truly feel as if you are 'borrowing' a good friend's home for your visit -- not staying in a sterile and poorly-furnished rental house. The basic facts: - Master Bedroom upstairs with Queen bed, attached luxury master bathroom with double showers & sinks. - Double-bunk childrens bedroom on main floor - Full bathroom in connected hallway on main floor - Guest bedroom with full size bed and attached 1/2 bath on lower level - Additional guest bedroom with full sizBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 4-person shared room. ** This is an all-female room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, deveCute 1BR unit in Wallingford, shaded deck for dining and relaxing. 1 block from popular Burke-Gilman Trail for walking, jogging, or biking around Seattle, 3 blocks from Gas Works Park. Bright interior + new kitchen. Stop by for a weekend and enjoy this beautiful space! The deck with grape vines overhead is a wonderful way to relax at the end of the day, stunning views from Gas Works Park are only three blocks away.  Many organic breakfast ingredients are provided, eggs, toast, jam, butter, tea and coffee. I keep the space very clean, every bathroom, kitchen, and bedroom surface is hand cleaned for each visitor. 27" LCD with Amazon Fire TV, watch any of thousands of movies and shows. Hook up your own laptop to monitor and/or speakers if you wish for work or fun.  Brand new kitchen with dishwasher, stove, disposal, gas range, dishes, Breville counter toaster/broiler.  Full bathroom with shower and tub.  Comfortable memory foam mattress with extremely clean bedding washed with hypo-allergThis updated top floor duplex is located in one of Wallingford's charming turn-of-the-century homes. It sits on a quiet street with a private entrance, tall ceilings, hardwood floors, and a gorgeous views of Downtown across Lake Union. The living area has seating for 4, dining for 4, French doors leading to a balcony, a large flat-panel TV set with cable and Roku, and a lovely view of the Seattle skyline across Lake Union. The balcony has an electric smoker, grill and small table with seating for 2. The large kitchen is fully stocked. A hallway leads to a laundry room, full bathroom, and private bedroom.  The bedroom features a comfortable queen-sized bed, a walk-in closet, and a desk. The living room has an uncommonly comfortable queen-size sleeper sofa with a thick foam mattress. This unit sleeps 4 adults comfortably.  If you are not already familiar with Wallingford, you are in for a treat. The house is located within 6 blocks of some of the best restaurants, coffee shops, storefronThis is a downtairs 1 BR unit with full kitchen in our home in Wallingford, 5 min walk to Burke Gillman trail, bus,Gasworks Park, SUP rental. Great restaurants, bars, yoga shops on Stone Way and 45th. Enjoy your own private apartment just steps from Gasworks Park, Lake Union and Burke Gillman Trail. Why We Love Our Home  -Quaint, safe neighborhood -Walking distance to many bars, shops and restaurants in downtown Wallingford  -It's close to Lake Union (Westward Restaurant, Burke Gilman bike path, Gasworks, Stand Up Paddle Rental)  -Public transportation to downtown Seattle, Ballard, University District, etc This unit is a Mother-In-Law Suite in the basement of the house shown. It has it's own entry from the side of the house. We occasionally our apartment with backyard access, so please inquire if interested. The unit includes 1 Bedroom with Queen bed, Living Room with Queen Sleeper Sofa, Bathroom with shower, Kitchen with full size refrigerator, electric stove, toaster, coffee machine,No need for a car on your Seattle vacation! Our elegant 2BR/1BA condo is located right on the Metro Transit bus line, meaning anywhere you want to go is only minutes away. Our 2BR/1BA condo, with its fantastic hillside view of downtown Seattle, is the perfect place to start and end each day of your vacation. And getting around the city is a cinch—we're located right on the bus line! INSIDE THE CONDO The main living space is both stylish and comfortably open-concept. Large windows let in lots of natural light, highlighting the gorgeous cherry wood floors.  You'll find a comfortable living space in the far corner, elegantly appointed with easy chairs and a leather couch. No skimping on entertainment here: the 77-inch flat screen allows you a movie theater-like experience. Cooking is a joy in the modern open kitchen, complete with stainless steel appliances and a breakfast bar with seating for 4. For a more formal sit-down meal, the dining area, with seating for 6, boasts a wonderful viewOnly a short walk from handfuls of tasty restaurants and dive bars, this spot in the Wallingford neighborhood of Seattle puts you close to both the city and University of Washington. INCLUDES BED: 1 twin sized, extra tall airbed. Photo coming today. The bedroom is empty except for 1 twin sized, extra tall airbed as I'm in the process of finding a new roommate to rent it permanently. Has a good sized window, your own thermostat, and a roomy closet.  The living room and kitchen are usable but don't have any furniture right now due to the transition. You'll have access to your room, the living space, kitchen and bathroom. You'll have one spare key to use to come and go as you please. I'll be available most of the day in person or by phone, always available by phone to help you out. The neighborhood is full of things to do: ethnic restaurants, bars, some shops, ice cream and gelato, a tea shop and groceries all within about 9 blocks. This place is just steps away from multiple bus lines, aPrivate bedroom and connecting bath, new Seattle home (2005). Conveniently located at nexus of 3 of Seattle's best neighborhoods: Fremont, Wallingford, and Green Lake. FREE BUS PASS; internet; in-room TV, Tivo, Netflix, HBO, BluRay; and access to modern, shared kitchen. Convenient to 3 major bus lines. GAY FRIENDLY. Perfect location for exploring the city, visiting the University of Washington, relaxing at nearby parks (Green Lake, Gasworks, Woodland Park Zoo), or walking to some excellent eateries and coffee shops. Modern house, kitchen, and laundry facilities. Parking in driveway or on street. Very convenient to bus lines and one bus pass is included at no extra charge. Exclusive private use of bedroom and connecting bathroom. Shared use of adjacent "office" with guest computer. Downstairs space (kitchen, living room, 1/2 bath) will be available on a shared basis. The adjacent office also has a hide-a-bed for use by 2nd guest at no charge if sharing bed is not preferred (and any addiOur pictures will tell the story of a charming holiday villa located in the popular urban neighborhood of Greenlake, just north of downtown Seattle. Once inside you will instantly feel welcomed by the traditional décor and mid-century appeal. With room for 6 guests, this home offers everyone the opportunity to come together or catch a quiet moment on their own. The living room is the perfect setting to enjoy a board game, movie or share tales of recent adventures. Leaded glass windows in both the living and dining room radiate just the right amount of light. The spacious kitchen gives the chef in your group a chance to show off their culinary skills. With new countertops and appliances, the kitchen is well equipped for whipping up a fabulous meal. Access to an outdoor deck with BBQ allows you to expand your meal options to include grilled entrees. Settle in and linger over delicious food and lively conversation in the classically styled dining room. Leaded glass windows radiate the perRemodeled and modern, our basement apartment has a private entrance, nicely equipped kitchenette, beautiful full bath and cozy bedroom. Located in the Wallingford neighborhood, we are an easy walk, bus ride or drive to all that Seattle has to offer. You'll have free reign of the private ~800 sq. ft. basement apartment of our 1908 craftsman home. The space has several nice sized windows to let light in - and black out curtains to help you sleep in or enjoy a movie on our giant projector screen. You'll enjoy a comfy queen sized memory foam mattress in the bedroom. We also have a raised queen sized air bed that can be set up in the living room area to accommodate an additional two guests - just let us know if you'll be needing this. Our location is a great jumping off point for exploring Seattle - a short walk gets you to two bus lines that head downtown to Seattle Center or Pike Place Market (or hop in your car and make the 10-15 minute drive). There's plenty to explore by foot too - enjThis spacious one bedroom apartment is located in a lovely brick building in Wallingford.  5-10 minutes to everything important, bus lines, and right off the 45th strip with shopping and superb food.  This cozy space is a breath of fresh air! This historic brick building, built in 1927, offers an incredibly warm and welcoming presence.  Located in the heart of Wallingford, this space is central to anywhere you need to be in Seattle.  Ten mintues from downtown or Ballard, 5 minutes to Fremont and the University District, and minutes away from interstate 5 and 99. The entire apartment is private and is for your use! I will meet you before and after to hand off the key. In the midst of your stay, I am available by phone or email to assist or answer any further questions you have. Wallingford has a great selection of restaurants, shops, and entertainment.  The theater is within minutes of walking, and offers a historical feel, paired with a show of your choice.  As far as food goes, there Nestled in the heart of the Wallingford neighborhood, my home offers space for up 4 guests and features hardwood floors, granite countertops, new appliances, and a washer/dryer in unit! This home is located in a small, quiet building with a location that allows guest to take advantage of all the Wallingford livelihood while being just a short bus ride to the Downtown Seattle, Ballard, and more. Walk to coffee, food, bars, and shopping, or take a stroll to the Woodland Park Zoo. Unit features hardwood floors, granite countertops, new appliances, and washer/dryer in unit. This quiet apartment building location allows you to take advantage of all the Wallingford livelihood while being just a short bus ride to the Downtown Seattle, Ballard, or Greenlake areas. You will have access to the entire home - all to yourself. I'll primarily interact with you over email/phone/airBnb. I know my guests are on vacation and I try to keep communication minimal and to the amount that fits your needs! WalGround floor unit in historic craftsman duplex in great Seattle neighborhood with three bedrooms, living room on main floor, and bonus den/playroom in basement. Easy walk (just a few blocks away!) to Lake Union and to shops/restaurants in Wallingford and Fremont. Ground floor unit in historic craftsman house with three bedrooms, living room on main floor, and den/playroom in basement. One bedroom has a king bed, the second bedroom has a queen bed, and the third bedroom is a kids' bedroom, with both a twin-size bed and crib. The den has a foldout futon (full size) which also sleeps two. Feel free to drop us a line anytime during your stay if you need assistance or guidance while staying in Seattle! Wallingford is a great Seattle neighborhood located conveniently in the middle of everything. Easy 5-minute to shops/restaurants in Wallingford, and to Lake Union and Gasworks Park. 10-minute walk to shops/restaurants in Fremont. University of Washington just on the other side of I-5. Bus stoEnjoy the tranquility of this floating home with spacious deck in the heart of the city.  Hop on bikes and ride the Burke Gilman trail to explore the city.  Grab kayaks & paddle to a nearby restaurants for dinner.  Close to UW, Fremont, Wallingford.  Best waterfront living in Seattle! Ideally located next to the Burke Gilman trail, Gas Works Park, the U of W, Wallingford & Fremont plus easy access to downtown & freeways. Spectacular & unobstructed city, lake & nature views.  Guests will have a private 1 bedroom 1 bath home floating on Lake Union.  There is a fully equipped kitchen and bathroom along with spacious decks.  Marina amenities include off street parking, laundry, showers, bathroom, mailbox, bike storage (2 bikes included with rental). It's a pet friendly condo community so please inquire about the options to bring your pet aboard. Guests have private use of the floating home during their stay. We provide a binder of suggestions, information and nearby recommendations. We alsThis Craftsman home is located in the prime Wallingford neighborhood. Large kitchen, bedroom, living room, back yard, and washer and dryer. There is a large couch in the living room for an additional guest. Enjoy!Studio apartment in my historic and recently remodeled house on a corner lot in the heart of Seattle's charming Wallingford neighborhood. The apartment has a unique, modern style and is south facing with an open floor plan that allows for lots of light. Great option for folks visiting the UW, downtown Seattle, Amazon, Microsoft, or exploring Seattle's many neighborhoods. Great clean, simple, modern space in the interior.  Recently renovated and decorated. Enjoy the outdoors on the patio, and explore the neighborhood.  Music lover? Plug your smartphone into the stereo and rock out to the built-in speakers in the living room. Also for your entertainment pleasure you'll find a HUGE 48" projector HDTV with the Netflix and all the Amazon Prime movies you can eat.  Take a refreshing shower in the modern, newly remodeled, shower.  Enjoy the heated floors in the bathroom. Spacious, fully equipped kitchen with all you'd ever need to cook a gourmet meal. Free and easy parking, free wifi. Come ovBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 4-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn sometSunny two bedroom, one bath bungalow with porch swing and private backyard located in desirable Wallingford neighborhood of Seattle. Walkable to many bars, restaurants, and parks. View of Lake Union from the street, walk to the water and relax! Bedroom One: Queen bed, sleeps two, clean sheets provided Bedroom Two: Queen air mattress, sleeps two, does not deflate, clean sheets provided Bathroom: Shower/Tub combo, clean towels provided. Shampoo, Conditioner, Soap, Toilet Paper all provided. Back room can  used as additional bedroom with provided air mattress, however has limited privacy since one wall has slided glass doors to the back yard. Great for excess kids. This is for sole and private use of the entire house and surround yard. So much to do! Family friendly, tree-filled neighborhood in beautiful Wallingford. (website hidden) Grocery Store - QFC (.7 mile) walk, drive, or bike Walk to Burke-Gilman Trail (.2 mile) pedestrian path (walk/run/bike only) traveling from Bothel to SeattleWallingford is minutes from downtown and even closer to UW, Greenlake and Lake Union. Our comfortable one bedroom basement apartment is on a dead end street next to a wonderful park. It features a private entrance, off street parking, and is pet friendly. Close to everything Seattle has to offer. James has worked in architectural salvage for many years. The first on the job to historic buildings,  homes, and business being torn down.  He has an eye for the diamond in the rough and you will see this in the homes surroundings and interior as he builds out of these salvaged materials.  Carolyn is a lifetime hospitality professional. From fine dining server to hosting events.  With her eye for comfort and style along with James' talent and resources we bring you a truly comfortable and welcoming space to stay. You will have access to your own apartment.  Separate entrance.  In the unit is a washer and dryer.  Off street parking is available with 24 hour notice. We like to give and respect Three bedrooms, 1 bath, chef's kitchen and wonderful front yard fenced porch and garden.  Sleeps 5.  1 queen bed, 1 twin in back room, 1 twin in the front bedroom, 1 on the couch.   Walk to Greenlake for playground, water activities, running trails. The space is open and filled with good light.  This is a nonsmoking home including the grounds.  No pets.   All linens are high quality hypo allergenic. You will have free run of the house and the front yard.  The backyard and garage will be closed for owners personal storage. We are around if you have questions but we prefer to respect your privacy. Location is amazing.  Walk to Greenlake for running trail, playground, water activities or tennis. Tangletown restaurants 2 blocks.   Famous Wallingford farmers market is 8 blocks away on Wednesdays.  Fremont is about 1 mile.  University of Washington is also about 1 mile away.   Quick and easy bus downtown, Microsoft connector picks up on NE 56th in front of Tangletown Tavern right by Zoka cofWelcome to Wallingford, one of Seattle's favorite neighborhoods. This home is 3 blocks from all you need --indie movie theater, restaurants, pubs, grocery store, and famous ice cream! 4 mins from UW and 10 to downtown. Great bus lines too! Enjoy! There are very few entire homes like this available in this area.  There are two queen bedrooms and a full bath on the main floor, with an additional queen bedroom and full bathroom downstairs.   The home has a kitchen, dining room, and a living room with couches and entertainment center.  There is a laundry room, as well as a large rec room.  The backyard is private and nicely kept.   I'm available by phone for questions or any issues that may arise.   Wallingford is a fantastic neighborhood with easy access to everywhere you need to be in Seattle. My home is located on a quiet street with ample parking, but is 3 blocks from a grocery store, coffee shops, and restaurants, 1 block to a great park with a play area and free tennis courts. Buses Soo centrally located, this is a little house  all your own ! This cozy,charming cottage for two has cathedral ceilings,skylight, and a french door overlooking the garden. We just redecorated for a mid-century  vibe ! Tho' only 17x10 ,it has wifi,tv,dvd,and ipod  stereo or laptop (URL HIDDEN) addition to the queen bed, small foam futon available for autonomous sleeping!.We try to provide for all your needs.The bath is newly remodeled w/ wet room, (kitchenette has a sink micro,toaster-oven ,Nespresso machine ( well, it is Seattle ,aka coffee town  !) and a half size fridge. You are ready for coffee,tea, a light breakfast and for takeout!!    Somehow ,it is 15 minutes to everywhere, downtown,ballard, capital hill..even closer to south lake union..The university district 1.5  mile away,fremont even closer! Downtown , 2 mi.,wallingfords shopping, movies and 15 + restaurants 5 blocks.    Our walk-ability score is 94, buses on corner, bikes available,yes,there is easy free street parking tooBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 2-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn sometThis charming and vintage studio rental is located in a gorgeous 1906 historic Wallingford mansion, surrounded by great views of the city and the Cascade Mountain range to the east.  Complete with a full kitchen, large bed, and claw foot tub. This beautiful historic apartment has tons of natural light due to the large bay windows, tall ceilings, and gorgeous white hardwood floors. With antique accents all around the unit, including a claw foot tub and original brass framed murphy bed, you'll feel like you have gone back in time! This studio apartment will comfortably fit two people.  As a guest in this rental, you will have access to ample free street parking, coin operated washer and dryer, secure building access, vegetable garden in the large backyard, and fresh towels and linens. I will be free and able to meet with you and show you around the unit and the building upon your arrival. I am always free to contact via email, phone call, or text if you have any questions or concerns. ThBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is a lower bunk, in a 2-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn somethThis is a large, room in the finished half of my basement. You control heating in the space. The bed is a good quality convertible couch, but some people have preferred to sleep on my air bed and leave the couch set up. You have access to all the shared spaces: living room, dining room, kitchen, main floor bath and spare room with piano and small desk. I sleep in an upstairs bedroom and my son who visits from college occasionally also has a bedroom up there. There will often be another guest in the main floor bedroom.  I have a lively, clean  dog.  The neighborhood is quiet, close to 2 really nice parks and several pubs and coffee shops and bus lines to downtown Seattle.Beautiful, comfy Craftsman home, where old-world charm meets modern comfort. Four queen beds with lovely sheets and duvets. Big kitchen with breakfast nook. Huge deck with grill. Keyless entry, fast wifi, on-demand cable, Apple TV, and foosball! Welcome to Tangletown! The house has four bedrooms, each with a queen bed and crisp cotton sheets. We think a good sleep is one of the most important parts of your stay, so you'll enjoy high-quality mattresses, with down-and-feather pillows and duvets. When you wake up and take a shower, you'll find Egyptian cotton towels in the bathrooms. If you like to cook, there's a funky, fully-equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances, including a dishwasher. There's also a cute breakfast nook where you can enjoy your coffee with the morning sun. If the weather's good, step out onto the large back deck for a view of the yard, or to do some grilling on the barbecue. When you're ready to kick back, the living room has comfy leather couches and a TV wOur apartment has recently been completely renovated and is located in the highly coveted Wallingford neighborhood. With a 10 minute drive to downtown Seattle, or a 15 minute walk to greenlake park, this apt is sure to be the perfect city oasis. 4 Night minimum for your stay.  Our apartment is located on 50th in Wallingford which is a fairly busy street. The windows are double paned making the noise mush less intrusive. The entire apt is yours! Wallingford is a neighborhood in north central Seattle, lying on a hill above the north shore of Lake Union about four miles from the downtown core. The neighborhood developed quickly during the early 20th century after the establishment of the University of Washington to the east. With trolley tracks laid through the neighborhood as early as 1907, Wallingford is a classic streetcar suburb, typified by its many 1920s era box houses and bungalows. Commercial development is primarily concentrated along 45th Street where a number of iconic structurModern family home in Seattle's friendliest, central neighborhood. Walkable to restaurants, cafes, and stores.  Green Lake, Lake Union, and University are 10 min walk away. Downtown is a 10 minute drive away. Great patio and grill for BBQ at home! Our cat, Gigi, will stay in the house. She's easy, friendly, and needs no special care.This unique home includes stunning vaulted ceiling living space, all modern appliances, a Japanese-style rock garden with koi pond, and hot tub! Very accessible location just minutes from downtown and easy walk to stores & the popular Greenlake park. This home was recently remodeled and updated, and infused with a variety of novel design elements. 2 full bedrooms with queen beds plus a sleeper sofa will accommodate 6 adult guests! Three bathrooms total, including a full, 3/4, and 1/2 bath. I'll likely be out of town during your visit, you'll have the space to yourself.  An agent may meet with you upon arrival to help you settle in. Quiet residential neighborhood with plenty of free parking!  Easy walk to shopping, Greenlake park,  and mere blocks from the I-5 freeway taking you anywhere in Seattle. Bus service to downtown located a few blocks away. Walking distance to coffee, bars, restaurants, groceries, and the beautiful Greenlake park! This home is NOT child-proof.Beautiful, light-filled room. New queen mattress. Fully furnished. All amenities provided, inc. sheets, towels, etc. Washer and dryer. Fully stocked kitchen, gas stove, formal dining room, living room, covered porches, garden. Surr by stores, cafes.. Charming 1920s home w fireplace, wood floors, new central heating. Outdoor, covered space, garden with chimenea. Access to heated basement: washer and dryer, space to work, additional toilet/commode and paint sink. I am happy to offer information about the city, the neighborhood, ideas for interesting days off, dates, nights out, trips in the area - such as the San Juan Islands...I work and travel a lot, so you will have a lot of solo time, but I am available for anything you might need. Tons of local restaurants, bars, cafes, stores, parks, clubs, live music, old movie theaters. I have a full list in the house and will add here soon! Wallingford has a Pharmaca, a QFC and tons of great stores. Fremont is a few minutes away and has a PCC anRetro Greenlake Apt. is a one bedroom w/ queen bed & sleeper sofa downsstairs. The apt. is part of a craftsman home in the heart of Greenlake. Near restaurants, coffee shops, & 1/2 block from bus line downtown. This retro-style Greenlake Apartment is a one bedroom with a queen-sized bed and sleeper sofa downstairs, sleeping a total of 3 guests. The apartment is part of a craftsman home in the heart of Greenlake. A small kitchenette has a microwave, small ref., coffee maker, and dishes and silverware.  A small deck with a table for 2 is great for getting a breath of fresh air and sipping on your tea. This fantastic location puts you close to everything Seattle. There are plenty of restaurants in the area, including the Greenlake Bar & Grill, Fix Coffeehouse, Zoeyogurt,  Rosita's Mexican Grill, Lucia's Italian and many more around the lake. Little Red Hen, a bar which is just 15 minutes away on foot, has live country music shows regularly. You can also walk to East Green Lake Beach, the 2 bedroom, 1 bath art filled apt in a newly remodeled classic Seattle bungalow w/private entrance, gourmet kitchen and full bath with tub.  Comfortable beds, cable tv/HBO, laundry room, walk to great restaurants, coffee shops and nearby playground. Art filled private mother-in -law apartment with separate entrance and address located in Green Lake.  Everything is brand new as house was just completely remodeled.  2 very quiet bedrooms with new comfortable beds and lots of pillows and extra blankets.  Full bathroom has tub/shower combination and separate water heater from main house and is stocked with lots of towels, a few emergency amenities and a hair dryer.  All rooms have their own heat controls so everyone is comfortable and heat source is separate from main house.  The kitchen has a gas range, full fridge with ice maker and dishwasher.  New toaster oven microwave and coffee maker and electric kettle for the tea drinkers.  We supply a few snacks, some instant oatmeal and ground coBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is a lower bunk, in a 4-person shared room. ** This is an all-female room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develBeautifully bright and airy craftsman home on a quiet street in the centrally located Wallingford neighborhood near UW. Easily accommodates 4 people.                   This bright and beautiful Craftsman home in Wallingford has 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom and large living and dining area. It can easily accommodate 4 people. From the large master suite upstairs you can enjoy a great south-facing view of Lake Union and downtown Seattle. The home is located on quiet street in a residential neighborhood which is centrally located- very close to UW, bus stops to downtown, and a convenient 5 min walk to the many Wallingford shops, bars and restaurants and only a 20 min walk to the trendy Fremont neighborhood. The scenic Gasworks Park is just 5 minutes away and offers fantastic views of downtown Seattle and the seaplanes on Lake Union. The Burke-Gilman Trail (run, bike, blade), is right in front of the park, and can lead you west via Fremont (1 mile), Ballard (2.5 miles), to Shilshole Bay Marina aModern apartment with great amenities. Large and private full bathroom. A block & a half off of 45th (1 mile from UW). Free Wi-Fi and laundry. Easy street parking. Open, spacious, safe, good natural lighting, newly renovated. Please inquire only if you have a complete profile. We are very close to Greenlake. Easy access to I-5 and local bus lines; 12 minutes to the University District and 25 minutes to downtown by bus. 3-10 minute walk to coffee shops, bars, and corner grocery. 20-minute walk to Greenlake. Bike everywhere easily. Japanese students and tourists are welcome. 日本の学生と観光客はOKです｡ I have great recommendations for spa treatments and massage with licensed providers to make your occassion even more restful.  PLEASE READ BELOW I appreciate all the inquiries, but unfortunately I cannot hold inquiries on the calendar. The calendar fills up very quickly. You must make a reservation in order to guarantee your time at the studio. I respond usually within a few hours and reservations areSet in Seattle's dynamic Wallingford neighborhood, our basement apartment was a great part of the remodel. Ceilings are high! You'll be a quick shot to Downtown & Eastside, walking distance to scores of restaurants, cafés, theaters, boutiques, parks, pubs and the U of Washington. Bedroom is located down the hall from your own living area so privacy assured if one of you wants to sneak off for a nap. Sun-filled living area, when there is sun! Up to two kids welcome if they are comfortable sleeping on sofas. Guests enjoy separate entrance and access to utility kitchen, washer & dryer and up to 1 gigabyte wifi connection. House located one block Metro Route 26 bus line with access to Fremont and downtown. The 44, one block south, travels from UDistrict to Ballard.  You are welcome to use our front garden for a little fresh air. Alison and I will introduce ourselves to you, and help out with any questions! A book of my articles about Seattle, including the Virgin Atlantic "Our Places - SeaOur home is located perfectly for you to enjoy all that Seattle has to offer! It comfortably fits a family or couples traveling together. It's located just a few blocks from Green Lake or all the shops and restaurants in Wallingford! Hello! My husband and I are happy to host you in our beautiful Green Lake home. We have a spacious home boasting 3 bedrooms, 3.5 bathrooms, living room, family room, dining room and well-appointed kitchen. The space is located on the first and second levels of our home. The first bedroom has an attached bath and queen-sized bed. The second bedroom has a full-sized bed and an adjacent full bathroom. The third bedroom has an attached bath and queen-sized bed. We also have a high quality, large queen air mattress available, should you need additional sleeping space. There is also a playroom filled with toys suitable for kids! We can also provide a portable crib (pack-n-play), stroller or other baby toys/books if needed for your stay, just ask! Our home is locUpdated 2 bedroom duplex unit in popular Wallingford, minutes away from University District, Fremont, and Greenlake restaurants, shops, parks, and walking/biking trails. The private backyard is the perfect place to entertain during your visit. This is a two-bedroom, recently updated apartment in a spacious light-filled duplex with one queen bed and two twin beds - all with new memory foam mattresses, private bath with tub and shower, private entry, enclosed patio, full kitchen, and updated furnishings. Amenities include on-site parking, wireless internet, 49' flatscreen smart TV, local cable, HBO, heating, hair dryer, linens, and combination washer/dryer.  The updated and fully furnished kitchen offers coffee, tea and a few non-perishable staples to get you started if you choose to cook in.  The private back yard has 2 decks, a swing, and plenty of seating. Like an active lifestyle?  You will find books outlining bike routes, hikes, and walks in the area.  Text me to get even more routBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is a lower bunk, in a 4-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn somethOur mid-century duplex is completely updated inside.  Located within walking distance of the UW, it's also conveniently located near bus lines to downtown.  Cook in a full kitchen with new appliances or visit the many restaurants in Wallingford. When we bought our duplex it was in need of a little love.  We've spent the last two years updating everything inside.  We list our guest count as 6 people, with the idea that families need booking flexibility.  We prefer to book parties with 4 adults or fewer. Street parking is abundant after 5:00 p.m., but can be tricky on a school day.  If you need to park on our driveway until a space opens up, that's fine.   We live in the other half of the duplex with our school-aged children.  If there is anything you need, ring the bell or text me.  I want to make your stay as joyful as possible. I love being within walking distance of the UW and Wallingford.   The #26 bus is around the corner from us and there are other buses to downtown a few blocks aPrivate bedroom with a full bed in the basement suite of our recently renovated craftsman home. The suite has two rooms, both rentals through Airbnb. It can comfortably accommodate 4 guests.  Private bedroom with a full bed in the basement suite of our recently renovated craftsman home. The suite has two rooms, both rentals through Airbnb. Each room can comfortably accommodate 2 guests.  The suite includes a shared kitchen, living room, laundry room, and bath room. Internet access and parking are included.  Both my husband and I work from home, so usually one of us is here to great guests. The door has a code for guests arriving at late hours. Our home is within walking distance of Greenlake (10 min.), and several wonderful restaurants and cafes.  Greenlake is wonderful recreational area. Excellent for walking, cycling, or running. There is also a rental area for small water crafts and a playground and pool nearby. Woodland Zoo is a short walk from Greenlake. Over the summer Woodland ZQuiet street near the lake, coffeeshops, restaurants, bars, transit, I-5, UW. Large room with east facing windows to tree lined back yard. One of the quietest areas of Seattle but close to almost everything. Hardwood floors. Week/month discounts. This is for the larger upstairs room at our house. You can click on my main profile to see all the various positive reviews for the house overall which may be more recent.  https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/946910#reviews  We discount the rates a lot for weekly or monthly stays but Airbnb doesn't really show that til you put in your dates properly so check it out.   ~~~~~~~~~~ Quiet updated craftsmen house in the beautiful Wallingford / Greenlake neighborhood. Great walking score, one of the best areas to stay in a restful, quiet neighborhood near the lake.  Few blocks to best coffeeshops like Zoka, the lake for walking, swimming or biking (3+ mile trail), Woodland Park Zoo, and 1 short block to main bus line to get downtown or to University oSunny bedroom with a downtown view in a 2,000 square foot house with decks, balconies, and porches. The house is on a corner lot in the heart of Seattle's charming Wallingford neighborhood and features an airy floorplan and an eclectic decor. This listing rents out a sunny bedroom in my house is on a corner lot in the heart of Seattle's charming Wallingford neighborhood.   Right now I'm doing a minimum stay of 5 days and looking for folks who are in town for work or a longer stay. The house is south facing with an open floor plan that allows for a lot of light- a huge bonus in Seattle.  Enjoy commanding views of downtown, Mt. Rainer (on sunny days), the Cascades, and the gorgeous Aurora Bridge.  Enjoy the outdoors on the rocking chairs while sitting on the covered front porch, grill out on the back deck, or drink in the views from the bedroom balcony. Great option for folks visiting the UW or exploring Seattle's many neighborhoods. I am offering a special rate while I try out the airbnThis cozy space has great views, a large closet, a very comfortable double bed, a small fridge, and coffee/teamaking appliances. An entryway room has a small single bed, in addition. The bathroom, on the main floor, has tub and shower. Tall people should take note of the limited headroom in this attic space. There's plenty of room to spread out with a laptop or your favorite book. The backyard is fully landscaped and has patio chairs. Since I work at home, I'll be available to suggest points of interest and advise on navigation. Otherwise, you can have as much privacy as you like. This neighborhood (Wallingford) is only a few miles from downtown Seattle and is adjacent to Fremont and the University of Washington. Lake Union and its scenic shoreline are a few blocks away. Good restaurants are within easy walking distance of the house. If you're driving: I have a guest parking pass for street parking--no charge. Parking space can be limited at peak times. If you're using public transportWalk to Lake Union, UW, Gasworks Park, Burke Gilman Trail and much more Please note, if you search without a spec. date, the price that you will see is a “starting from" price and will change depending on the season or day of the week. We can accommodate 4 adults comfortably on two queen beds.  For shorter visits, i.e. a few nights, we can accommodate 2 more guests on a queen size air mattress. The shared patio is there for your enjoyment.  Please, don't hesitate to use it! The house is very centrally located, whether you travel by bus or by car. One of the highlights of your stay will be a bike ride on the Burke Gilman Trail which is just 3 min from the house. There is plenty of off street parking. Sample distances from the house: 15 min walk to Gasworks Park 4 min walk to Lake Union, somewhat steep downhill 12 min to Wallingford Playfield 9 min drive or 30 min by bike trail to Union Bay Nature Area ½ block to bus lines:  #(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) min to downtown Seattle by car, or a 2 mCharming 1908 Craftsman Bungalow close to Green Lake. 3 blocks to Tangletown restaurants + shops and just a few more to Green Lake. Old World charm with beautiful fir floors, stained glass windows, and crown molding. 2 bed, 1 bath, 886 sq ft. Charming 1908 Craftsman Bungalow close to Green Lake. 3 blocks to Tangletown restaurants + shops and just a few more to Green Lake. Old World charm with beautiful fir floors, stained glass windows, and crown molding. 2 bed, 1 bath, 886 sq ft. Layout maximizes space with living and dining rooms. California built-in closets in both bedrooms. Backyard oasis with designer touches, Trex Decking, flagstone patio, and a hot tub creates an extra outdoor living area year round... Allergies or sleep sensitivity? 100% botanical latex core mattresses, toxin and chemical free, made of natural materials with organic cotton fabric cover. Wool mattress pad which helps regulate your sleeping temperature and is very comfortable. 2 Natural Latex pillows on each bed Comfortable room in newly renovated craftsman home with new bed and usable desk/work-space, spacious closet, tons of light, free parking.  Close to Gasworks Park, Lake Union and Green Lake.  One bus to downtown.  Seconds to I-5 and U-District. This charming room in a big beautiful Wallingford home is complete with a brand new memory foam mattress, large desk/work space, dresser and walk in closet.   We kind of have a thing for plants.... Towels, linens, soaps and toiletries are provided.  Washer and dryer in dry, heated basement. The house has wifi, a big open kitchen, dining area, living room and reading room.  There is a fenced in back yard, and terraced front yard. The entire main floor is open to guests, with the exception of one bedroom. Feel free to use the kitchen, you're welcome to cook.  Cleaning supplies are under the sink next to the dishwasher :). We are social, but respectful.  There are often friends and family in the home, laughter and music, but never at odd hours or exBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is a lower bunk, in a 4-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn somethOur sweet craftsman style home is your oasis!  We Have 2 bedrooms on the main floor and one basement below.  Our cozy home offers two kitchens, two bathrooms and a gas fire.  You will be staying in one of the best neighborhoods in Seattle.  Our place can comfortably fit 7 adults!  We have one queen size bed, one double bed, a single bed, a toddler bed and a double air mattress.  Kids under 5 stay free! Guests have access to a back patio. We will be in contact with you whenever you need us! Our neighborhood is 100% walkable!  We are walking distance from coffee shops, tea shop, restaurants of all kinds, a grocery store and many gift shops.  Also, walking distance from 3 amazing parks and Seattle's own organic Tilth garden, farmer's market, and Gasworks Park! We are directly on bus routes that take you to University of Washington, downtown Seattle, Fremont, Ballard and Capital Hill!This comfortable studio apt in the Green Lake neighborhood is the perfect spot to call home during your stay in Seattle.  Easy access to Wallingford, UW, Downtown, Fremont and Lake Union.  Highly walkable neighborhood.   Queen Bed with a memory foam mattress. Plenty of storage in both dresser and closet. Small kitchenette area with plates, utensils, mini fridge, toaster oven, electric kettle, and coffee maker. Laundromat 3 blocks away should you need to wash your clothes. We do have Wi-Fi but there is no television or land line phone. Plenty of free street parking available.    We live in the adjoining house if you need anything but the studio is completely separate and has private access so you can come and go as you please. We are centrally located with parks, restaurants, coffee, seasonal farmers market, libraries, and shopping within walking distance. We've got all the insider tips to getting the most out of your stay and are happy to interact and share them with you. We are less tCharming funky cottage in the heart of one of Seattle's best neighborhoods, Wallingford. While there is plenty of parking, you may not even need your car to enjoy what Seattle has to offer, as my 1905 home has a Walk Score of 91 and Bike Score of 85. This is one of the original houses in the Wallingford neighborhood, built in 1905.  It was built at the very back of the lot (though in 1905 it was at the base of a small hill, now my neighbor's back yard), and subsequently has a big front yard and plenty of air space around the house.  Many of the houses in Wallingford are built quite close together, but my house has clear access to sunshine and garden views, particularly on the south side. The neighborhood used to be covered by an apple orchard, and we have one of the original trees, a Gravenstein apple tree. Since this is a room in a house, you have full access to the shared places in the house:  kitchen, living room, yard.  You know, like a normal house. While I'm quite social, I can aLocated in Seattle's eclectic Wallingford neighborhood. City view streets and just blocks away from Lake Union, the Burke Gilman Trail,  coffee shops, restaurants, bars, and shopping. Easy transit access to downtown and the UW. This is a spacious, well-lit mother-in-law apartment in the basement level of our Seattle home. All new furniture and decor. Our Wallingford neighborhood location provides walking to nearby grocery, renowned restaurants (including Westward, the award winning waterfront restaurant two blocks away), great bars, two funky movie theaters, the classic Dick's Drive-In, coffee shops, city views, quiet, tree-lined streets, with lovely homes and gardens.  The apartment has a separate entrance along the side of the house, a well-equipped kitchen, full bath, full-size appliances, washer and dryer, WIFI, a 65' Ultra HD TV with AppleTV which includes Netflix, HULU, HBO Now and some local network TV using an HD antennae. The bedroom has a queen-sized bed and the living room hStellar new modern new construction with roof deck, and 3 full bedrooms and  baths!  88 walkscore!  You'll have the whole home to yourself.   We prefer longer stays.  4 nights or longer for dates passing through weekends. Cool new construction in Wallingford! From the innovative Plan Room of Build Urban, this ultra-efficient home achieves 5-Star Built-Green rating - triple pane windows, HRV unit for interior air quality, low VOC paint/sealants, pervious pavement & concrete floors with radiant heat throughout. Elegant exposed beams & open stairs with custom metal rails. Dream kitchen w/ island, stainless appliances and gas 5 burner range. Unreal city views for from the huge (private) rooftop deck. Central Wallingford location.  Walk everywhere.  Gas Works, Troll, Fremont, 45th street shops and restaurants, Green Lake. Things you want to know:  3 bedrooms, garage parking, and room for another car out front. roof top deck with sink and stunning city + lake views.  The small looking bedrooAt last, our tools are put away and our carriage house is ready for you!  We're sure you'll love this surprising loft space with brilliant natural light, unique custom furnishings and a cozy sleeping loft. Less than a 10 minutes walk to Green Lake. We built the carriage house as a dual purpose space; a studio for our hobbies in the off-season and a fun & restful accommodation for you in the beautiful Seattle summer!   Jon built nearly everything you see, the walls, countertops, bathroom, nightstands...even the narrow loft windows from a set of old farmhouse doors. Guest may enjoy the full privacy of the carriage house and are welcome to share the backyard with us.  The adjacent driveway is not available to guests at this time.  But parking is free and easy to find within less than 50 yards of the carriage house door.  The best part of airbnb for us is learning where are guests are from, what they do, what they liked about their stay!  We can be found at home most nights with our toddleYou'll have the entire downstairs of this lovely 1920's Craftsman home located two blocks north of Lake Union and walking distance to University of Washington. Local bus into the city and neighborhood coffee shop are within 2 blocks of my home.  Proximity to Lake Union, University of Washington and downtown Seattle. Queen size bed in bedroom.  Double futon available to sleep two in Den ($10/night extra). Two night minimum stay. Entire downstairs cozy space. Hostess available and present during guest stay. Welcome opportunity to Seattle highlights and assist with travel arrangements. I love the proximity to the city, downtown area, and easy accessibility to freeway and alternate routes to the city. Public transportation is readily available within a few blocks. Small bathroom with shower across hall from bedroom. Free parking on premises. Coffee, tea and snacks  are available in den.2 bedroom 1 bathroom house on quiet street, steps from bus stop to downtown. Walk to Wallingford shops/restaurants or to trendy Fremont. Located a mere 4.5 miles from downtown Seattle, the highly coveted Wallingford neighborhood is bustling with restaurants, cafes, pubs, bookstores, boutique wine/beer shops, clothing shops, grocery stores (open 24/7 : a 15 minute walk), farmers' markets (summer only), and much more. More than 50 eateries ranging from sandwich shops to white tablecloth fine dining are within a leisurely 15 minute stroll (half mile) from the house. You'll need two minutes to reach La Cantinetta, a hip Italian place with a lively bar; 8 minutes to The Essential Bakery for their fresh croissants, bread, and espresso; 15 minutes to the famous Molly Moon ice-cream shop. Expand your walk to 25 minutes (one mile) to the funky Fremont neighborhood with its eclectic outdoor art, numerous restaurants, clothing shops, and music venues. The year round Sunday Flea Market is a local Perfect location at this great cozy condo with views of the city and Lake Union just outside your door and even better views from the roof. Gas Works Park, Burke-Gilman trail, UW & trendy Fremont are all right here! BBQ on patio is a plus! Roof deck access! I can do an airport pickup or drop off and guide you around the city. Restaurant suggestions are my specialty.Cozy room with private balcony in the trees. Includes use of adjacent sitting room w/ table. Very quiet street, craftsmen house near all the best coffeeshops and restaurants Greenlake, Woodland Zoo, grocery, Easy bike or bus to UW. Quiet street. Near Greenlake. Nice quiet remodeled craftsmen house with hardwood floors in the beautiful Wallingford/Greenlake neighborhood which is walking distance to the lake and Woodland Park Zoo.   One of the safest and quietest areas of Seattle without being far out from the fun stuff.  Easy to bus or walk from here, no car needed (but we have free easy street parking).  We have a small back yard, patio for a cup of tea and plenty of sunshine on the covered/shaded front patio/porch area. BBQ in back too.  Shared kitchen and dining room is nice for cooking. Upstairs rooms have access to the Reading Room with a couch, table, chairs, and nice south facing windows for brunch.  Easy access from the airport too, just take the Light Rail to downtown and grab Our house is perfect for anyone visiting Seattle without a car.  Enjoy a quick commute to downtown via bus or a 20 minute walk to the University of Washington.  Wake up in the morning to run, bike, or swim Green Lake and then come grill with us in the backyard! The Latona House is comfortable, quiet, and convenient to everything!  We have 2 rooms that are available for air B and B guests: the lavender room downstairs has wood floors and one queen bed.  The teal room upstairs has carpet and one queen and one twin bed. A sit on top kayak and 2 bikes There is always someone around to chat or give directions! We are in the middle of a great area: the UW, the shops and cafes of Wallingford, and swimming or walking around Green Lake.   For those in search of nightlife, downtown and Capitol Hill are a 15 minute drive away. 26 and 16 buses to Northgate, Fremont and downtown Seattle are only a few blocks away!This is a large studio with everything you need. A queen size bed and a sofa bed allow at most 4 people to stay here.PS4, kitchen amenities, wifi, closet, clean toilet.. The location is also very good. Close to I-5 and major bus stops. Free Parking! Large windows. Plants. Warm. Cute interiors. Shared garden. Shared laundry room with a vending machine. Yes, I would love to offer recommendations. Available through email or cell phone. Very friendly, safe, and quiet neighborhood with many tasty and affordable cafes and restaurants nearby. 24-hour market QFC and gas stations nearby. Close to freeway and public transportations.  Walking, biking, and driving friendly. Free parking available. Decorated for Christmas! Plenty of pillows. The apartment is very secure. (used to be a hotel)Recently constructed (2008), three level, 1500 square foot townhouse in Wallingford. Upper level: Master bedroom with queen bed and attached master bathroom. Second bedroom with a loft bed and attached bath. Washer and dryer. Middle level: Great room with open kitchen, dining, and living room. Pantry. Half-bath. Lower level: Third bedroom and/or TV room (not officially a bedroom because it is open acoustically to adjacent rooms). Garage (private). Access to full house except for the closets and garage. Feel free to use the Schwinn 3-speed for running to the grocery store or around town and the TV with Netflix. We are available by phone if guests have any questions. Wallingford is a family friendly neighborhood six miles north of downtown Seattle. Excellent local restaurants can be found on 45th and Stoneway (Cantinetta, Kabul Afghan Cuisine, Kozue Sushi, Tilth, Russels Bar, The Whale Wins, Joule, Westward, and kids love Tutta Bella Pizza). Explore Gasworks Park and two local playgroundWelcome to our fabulous Green Lake neighborhood! Our newly remodeled flat is located just two blocks away from beautiful Green Lake, which offers the opportunity for any number of recreational activities, including a 2.8-mile loop for walking, biking, running, or skating. There are boat and bike rentals, stand up paddle boards, a children's wading pool, basketball courts, a theater, fields, a skate park, and an indoor swimming pool.  You can hike into the adjoining Woodland Park, where the rose garden and Woodland Park Zoo reside. Our rental is your home away from home. It is ideal for work and play. Remodeled in the summer of 2013, it is bright and welcoming! A few features include a fully equipped kitchen which provides you with an easy and enjoyable cooking experience featuring granite counters, stainless appliances, microwave, blender, coffee maker, coffee grinder, toaster and common spices. The bathroom has a heated floor and a surround glass shower door. Off to the side in an alcOur cozy, day-light basement Mother-in-laws apartment has its private entrance in the back with a private garden and deck. It can accommodate two visitors and provides an incredible central location to explore all Seattle has to offer. Day light basement Mother-in-Law in a charming 1920s Craftsman home, lovely landscaping and gardens. Will accommodate two of you, but best for a single person. The step up in the bathroom creates a height restriction and may not work for taller guests. With a walk score of 90, you can walk to everywhere, including the main drag down 45th St to shops, restaurants, barbershops and banks; everything you may need. You have access to the shared laundry room, free wi-fi, a full kitchen with walk-in pantry, a small but full private bath, and a walk-in closet in the bedroom. I will meet you to deliver the keys, and I can be as available as you are comfortable with! The neighborhood's stellar location can't be beat! Minutes away from everything in Seattle; from BThis wonderful, designer decorated bungalow has hardwood floors  oriental carpets, fireplace, down couches, fine linens and everything you could possibly need..or want!  The main floor  has two bedrooms ,(1 full bed, 1 queen) with a bathroom between for privacy .the second floor is a  large view suite w/  full bath.You have 2 sitting rooms, a large well equipted kitchen, with a nook overlooking the garden.Add the cottage for a 4th private bedroom and .5 bath .The  private gardens have,a water feature, 2 "rooms", an outdoor shower and hot tub.Enjoy the bikes, we are 6 blk.s n. of gasworks park and the burke gilman trail, walkability score ,94! Walk to downtown wallingford w/ its 20+ restaurants, movies, shops just 5 blocks away. Or you can walk .8 of a mile to Fremont, 2 miles to the university district, ethnic restaurants, book stores and thrifting galore.We have buses on the corner, and easy free parking.        . I do need to let you know,due to neighbor complaints, we can no longer Built, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 2-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn sometThis home was lovingly restored to bring back the home to it's original charm. We have chosen modern amenities to make this home an experience that will not be forgotten. Our home is calming and private, and located close to many Seattle favorites. The interior has a full kitchen including refrigerator, stove, oven, dishwasher, and disposal along with some other small appliances including a coffee maker. There is a breakfast nook that seats four or a separate dining room that seats six. There are dishes for 8 and a full set of cookware with plenty of utensils for all your cooking needs.  The living room has a gas fireplace, large couch, and chair for reading and keeping your feet toasty. The bathroom is a full bathroom and period specific.  The master bedroom has an organic latex queen size mattress, a dresser for clothing storage and closet. The window also overlooks the calming back yard. The spare bedroom has a double size daybed (sleeps 2) with French doors that open up onto the baNew construction modern, very walkable in vibrant seattle neighborhood, Wallingford / Fremont. Near Green Lake and Zoo!  Roof deck, garage, driveway.  walk to the lakes!   You'll love it here. 4 night min for dates passing through weekend. New construction as of octob(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) Walkscore, it really doesn't get much better than that, 10 minutes to Green Lake 500sf roof deck.  Everything is hear new. gas fireplace insert.  55" Cable + Internet TV in living room.  40" TV master bedroom. radiant heat.  full washer / dryer. 4 star green.   Stainless kitchen with 5 burner stove + Griddle.  Silent Bosch dishwasher  Stylish modern and hip furniture + art.  Expandable dining room table seats 6. https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/38545 https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/430610 Centrally located in Wallingford, this home is 2 blocks from the main drag in Wallingford with a range of restaurants, coffee shops, bars, and eclectic shopping.  Famous Gas Works Park, Lake Union (seaplanes and paddle boatBright, spacious private room in an old charm Wallingford home in conveniently located in central Seattle in a quiet street. Easy access to downtown and anywhere within Seattle. 15 minute walk to UW, walking distance to Green Lake, Gas Works Park, and 5 movie theaters, and many ethnic, gourmet  restaurants and bars near by. Super markets, (QFC & Trader Joe) are 7-15 minute walking distance. 7-10 minute walk to Union Lake, and   Hiram Chittendam Locks, Woodland Park Zoo are also near by.  Many bus options to go almost everywhere within 3-7 minutes walk to bus stations from the house including to Bellevue, downtown and other area.  It's a shoeless house, (I offer you to use sleepers), and the bedroom is on the 2nd floor. It has a partial view of downtown, UW campus, and you can see the Mount Rainier from the bed in a clear day! The bathroom is on the first floor and is shared with the host. Also has a toilet in the 2nd floor for guest to use. The listed room is most comfortable for 2 gueA wonderful cozy 1br in the heart of charming Wallingford that has everything you'll need! Offered at reduced $ as new listing. Walking distance to UW, Greenlake, the Zoo, 24hr grocery, and shops & restaurants on the main drag. 15 min to downtown. Our basement has been completely renovated into a cozy and modern 1br apartment.  It has bright craftsman windows and brand new bathroom and kitchen.  There is a queen bed in the bedroom and a futon which comfortably sleeps one possibly two in the living room.  We can also provide upon request baby high chair and pack & play.   We are located in the heart of Wallingford, and are a short bus ride or 20-min walk to the University of Washington.  We are half a block from 45th street and across the street from the famous Dick's Burgers.  We are a mile from Green Lake and the Woodland Park Zoo; 15 minutes to downtown Seattle, Pike Place Market and the Seattle Center, with easy access to I5 and Hwy 99.  There is off street parking. The entire basemOne room, luscious queen bed, bathroom, and shared kitchen in classic 1906 Craftsman bungalow that has been completely remodeled without losing any of its charm.A beautiful craftsman in the historic Fremont / Wallingford neighborhood. A great home base for exploring the city! Come stay with us! This is one of two rooms we have listed on airbnb. Please look at both listings to choose the one that suits your needs or you can rent them both to sleep up to 4 people. This room is a little larger with more sleeping space available. Kids under 5 stay free so book for 2 people if you have a little person as a third guest.  The room has a queen bed, desk, WiFi, clean linens, couch, and double window seat. Right outside the room is a kitchenette with a toaster oven, coffee maker, small fridge, fresh filtered water supply, tea kettle and dishes for you to use.  ***Please note*** The bathroom is on the same level and is shared with the other guests. Located in the Fremont/Wallingford neighborhood. Easy access to downtown Seattle (15 min bus ride) and University of Washington (10 min bus ride) and walking distance to all the fun stuff to do in Fremont and Our brand NEW garden apartment in the heart of Wallingford includes a private entrance and bathroom. Less than 1 block to the bus and a 10 minute walk to shops or 20 minute walk to U of Washington! A private garden apartment with private entrance, bathroom and welcoming Wallingford treats! WiFi internet, TV, private bathroom, refrigerator, microwave and a queen size bed! It's up to you, but with private everything you won't need to! Convenient location to get anywhere in the Seattle area quickly, while maintaining neighborhood charm! Tons!700sq ft EXTRA LARGE STUDIO APARTMENT Calm & private full studio.  Full bath & kitchen. Also washer & dryer   Relaxing decor with you in mind.  Voted one of the best neighborhood's in Seattle. This is a private get away.  Furnished with calm colors & most everything you will need for your stay.  Come relax & enjoy our exceptionally beautiful city.  Perhaps you  would like to use CANNABIS while your a guest at my CannaCation studio.  You may enjoy smoking legal marijuana on our property.   Your private indoor space, the backyard, the front & back porch are legal to enjoy & consume marijuana.  Must be 21+ to use cannabis in WA. THE ONLY LEGAL PLACE TO USE CANNABIS IS ON PRIVATE PROPERTY. You may freely use, consume, cook or learn about cannabis while you are our guest. If you do enjoy a cigar, tobacco pipe or e-cigs outside use only. As a guest in our CANNACATION studio your space is private with a full bathroom & kitchen & washer & dryer.  You have a separate entrance & will not be bothThe bedroom has a queen temper-pedic mattress with deluxe linens and down comforter. ( terry robe and slippers provided too!) The large living room,14x24, has a daybed/couch, extendable dining table and chairs,comfy chair, tv, with cable, wifi,and a private alcove w/ a new hide a bed w/extra foam (URL HIDDEN) has a private entrance,french doors,leaded glass windows, berber and oriental carpets, and a very fully equipped kitchen.( yes there are champagne glasses for celebrating!) We aim to please,if you need it, we are likely to have it! City guides, maps, restaurant picks,even bikes and a weber portable grill for picnics. The kids have craft supplies, even a puppet theatre! While this is a daylight basement, beauty abounds and you will be thrilled at the views. Parking is free and readily available on the street, please park on our side of the street.Buses are on the corner, leaving every 15-20 minutes. The  private gardens have,a water feature, 2 "rooms", an outdoor shower and hot tubLocated right off lake Union. Walking distance to Fremont and Wallingford quick bus ride downtown. Beautiful rooftop view gym and colorful bright windows. I have an Urban one bedroom apartment. I have a cozy home that I am still decorating. Please be respectful of my things and I will accommodate as much space for yours. If there are two staying there will either be an option to use the bed or a airbed depending on number of days staying. Single guest will have an option between the couch or airbed. Kitchen it available to you as needed. I will try to provide snacks and feel free to make yourself breakfast eggs, cheese, milk, and cereal will always be on hand as well as tea, coffee, and occasionally orange juice. Guest have access to the roof, common areas, and gym.Our NW style home is 3200+ sq ft with 3 levels, having 2 living areas, 6 separate bedrooms, 2 kitchens (1 is kitchenette), 3 full baths, 2 outdoor decks, backyard garden, parking & laundry. Space has nice furnishings, is simple and very clean. The location and views of our home make it very special. We have sweeping views of Lake Union, from I-5 bridge to the Space Needle.   There is no TV, but if you bring a computer with HDMI cable port, you can plug into our  a projector and large movie screen that you may use to access some free TV and movies via our Comcast Xfinity account.   Top Floor- Great for entertaining with a large living area, outdoor deck, kitchenette, master bedroom with plush King mattress, 2nd bedroom (kids room with full mattress), and full bathroom.  Middle Floor- Main kitchen and living area, piano, full bathroom, 2 bedrooms (1 with king day bed, the other with a queen aerobed). Bottom Floor- Normal ceiling height and is recently refurbished with new carpets, trim aNice one bedroom for rent in a two bedroom / one bath apartment. We are located just a 10 minute walk from Green Lake, and it is right on the bus line with easy access to the University District, University of Washington and Downtown Seattle. This is a room with a full bed, in a two bedroom apartment on the first floor of a two-level apartment building. We are located on a residential street, in walking distance from coffee shops, restaurants and our own neighborhood pub. Wireless internet access throughout the house is included.  You will be sharing the apartment with me. I spend half the time at home working and taking care of my cats. You will have access to the entire apartment including full kitchen, bathroom, and washer/dryer. You may borrow an iron and ironing board. You can use the dishes ... just wash up afterward. You will have a space in the fridge. I provide linens, towels, shampoo, body wash, body lotion, and laundry detergent.   You can request a inflatable mattress twin The Wallingford Manor is centrally located between Wallingford and Fremont - a perfect location for the traveler who wants to explore Seattle and come home to a comfortable, clean space. Walkable to many bus routes, restaurants and Lake Union. The Wallingford Manor is a 1918 quintessential Seattle craftsman. The home can easily sleep four in two bedrooms and can accommodate two other guests on a provided luxury air mattress. The open dinning room and living room provide a comfortable place to entertain or relax. The kitchen is fully stocked with everything you need to make a basic meal to a multi-course dinner. The TV room has a comfortable couch and library of DVDs. Our recently landscaped backyard is a great reprieve from a busy day.  The W. Manor has a washer/dryer, TV with DVD player and basic cable, and WiFi Internet. The upstairs master bedroom has a queen mattress, the guest room has a full futon. If there's anything else in particular you're wondering about, feel free to ask! WBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 2-person shared room. *Note: This fall, there will be major renovations happening on one kitchen and bathroom at a time. There will always be two other working kitchens and two working bathrooms in the house. We'll work to minimize the impact these renovations have on your stay. **This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space. Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene. You can expect to be surrounded by smart people solving big problems or working on something fun. We have frequent demo nights, and love when our guests share something they are passionate about. If you're new to the city, our deep ties to the Seattle tech scene can help you get involved. Expand your network, develop your ideas, and learn sometEnjoy the tranquility of this floating home with spacious deck in the heart of the city.  Hop on bikes and ride the Burke Gilman trail to explore the city.  Kayak, SUP or boat to a nearby restaurants for dinner.  Close to UW, Fremont, Wallingford.  Best waterfront living in Seattle! Ideally located next to the Burke Gilman trail, Gas Works Park, the U of W, Wallingford & Fremont plus easy access to downtown & freeways. Spectacular & unobstructed city, lake & nature views.  Looking to share some fun water adventures.  Take out a 14ft speed boat and check out Lake Washington.  SUP to check out the view from the middle of the lake.  Kayak over to the Sleepless in Seattle house.  Try yoga on a paddle board in your front yard.  Take an evening stroll through Gas Works Park.  Explore Fremont, Wallingford or the University District by bike.  Lots of adventures to be had. Limited opportunity to enjoy this never available impeccable water front home in a park setting with an amazing city view. Spacious 500 sq ft  master suite with a well- lit bedroom and a full ensuite bathroom.  Enjoy beautiful views and the action of the city. Conveniently located near the University District, a block away from the water on a quiet street.           Bike, walk and water sports are within minutes! Enjoy the entire top floor of our beautiful home. With lots of picture windows and located just one block away from the water, you will enjoy beautiful sunset skies.  Did we mention you can see the Space Needle from the sitting area? The private bedroom with an ensuite bathroom has a high level of privacy. Just outside the bedroom you can enjoy your own open living area for reading and working, enjoying breakfast in the morning or a glass of wine in the evening.   The bedroom has a brand new Tempur-Pedic queen size bed. Fresh sheets and towels are provided. ...Whoot! Our ratings are higher than hosts in the area.  Back to the details... During the weekdays we offer a light and yummy breakfast. In Located in the beautiful Wallingford neighborhood, this classy and modern 1 bedroom boasts stunning views of the Seattle skyline, the Space Needle, and Mount Rainier. Very chic and comfortable space. Modern furniture, and red imitation hardwood floors, beautiful view of the Seattle skyline, and the Space Needle. Full kitchen with plenty of shiny appliances. Rooftop with (even more) amazing view, on a sunny day you can see Mt. Rainier. Also has communal grills. Calm and quiet at night. 5-10 minutes away from the hip Fremont nightlife area. Plenty of grocery stores nearby including QFC on 45th and Wallingford. If you have a free afternoon and it's nice out, walk or bike along the beautiful Burke-Gilman trail along the north side of Lake Union! Conveniently located right by several bus stops. The 16 runs directly downtown, the 44 runs west to Ballard, east to U district.RENOVATED CRAFTSMAN HOME  |  NEW BED  |  FITS TWO |  CENTRALLY LOCATED  |  SPACIOUS KITCHEN  |  LOVELY COURTYARD BISTRO  |  FREE PARKING  |  AWESOME BUSINESS WORKSPACE  |  SUPER-SPEED WIFI 1-GIG (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) OF THREE ROOMS OFFERED ON AIRBNnB THE GREEN SUITE - Super COMFORTABLE, Super CLEAN, Super QUIET. Five blocks from GreenLake & other Seattle adventures! This private suite will open your green eyes to the envy that is life in Seattle! Comfortably fits two with a brand-new queen size bed & lots of storage space.    Located on the second story of my home, which has a shared bathroom adjacent to your suite. There is also a large bathroom located on the main floor (sunken tub, walk-in shower, heated floors).  I have my own private suite in the basement, so please make the main floor your own during your stay.  BTW my home has three suites available (Blue, Green & Yellow), if this suite is not available, feel free to inquire about one of my other suites - all three suites are liLuxurious comfort and privacy with en-suite bath, relaxing garden patio,  mini-kitchen.   Fantastic location on 2 bus lines; 10 min. to downtown and UW. Walk to shops/dining/coffee. Key-coded entry. Level access. Wi-Fi/HSB port. Parking on site. This is a cheerful and well appointed room with en-suite bath and private patio.  The bathroom has a heated tile floor and large walk-in shower. Soft towels, quality shampoo, conditioner, body wash and hair dryer complete the picture.   The queen size bed with its luxury linens is super comfortable. Extra pillows, blankets and throws are at hand and there's ample closet space plus a luggage rack. French doors open to the private patio and the small garden area with its charming fountain. Bistro table and chairs await. A mini-kitchen area has a refrigerator, microwave, hot water kettle, dishes and utensils.  Complimentary coffee, tea, and sugar are provided. All the water in the house is filtered and pure.  We'll take care of any used dishes andBeautiful four bedroom, one bathroom house in the amazing Greenlake neighborhood of Seattle. Short bus ride to UW, downtown and the amazing neighborhoods of Seattle. Great neighborhood with lots of activities and amazing restaurants. Don't miss  this light and airy apartment just 1/2 block from all that the friendly Greenlake neighborhood has to offer.  Fix gourmet meals in your chef's kitchen or enjoy one of the many restaurants and coffee shops just minutes away.  Sleeps five. You will be just steps from the Greenlake walking trail, 9 hole golf course, basketball courts and children's playground.  Fishermen line the shores of the frequently restocked lake.  Just up the hill from us is Tangletown which boasts of the best donuts in Seattle as well as gourmet restaurants and a hot dog stand.  Close to downtown, Greenlake is just minutes away from the Farmers Market, Space Needle, etc.  Come enjoy the beauty of the area from this airy light apartment. This apartment is the upstairs of a duplex with a private entrance.  A washer/dryer is included in the unit.   I am available in the downstairs apartment whenever guests need information or have questions. In this quiet Greenlake neighborhood just 1/2 block from the GrSeparate entrance to private bedroom/bathroom/kitchen.  Family Friendly neighborhood. Next to bus stops and walking distance to University of Washington, restaurants/bar/coffee shops/movie theater, trails,parks etc. High speed internet access. The house is on a corner lot in the heart of Seattle's charming Wallingford family friendly neighborhood.  Next to bus stops (to Downtown Seattle or North Seattle).  Walking distance to University of Washington, restaurants/bar/coffee shops/movie theaters, Burke-Gilman trail, Gasworks park, Wallingford park etc. Separate entrance to the day light basement that has a private bedroom/bathroom and kitchen.  High speed internet (50mbps download & 10mbps upload).  The living space downstairs can accommodate up to 2 more adults and/or kids (additional charges apply).  Sleeper sofa will be provided for additional guests.  Shared Media/Exercise/Laundry Room. We work from home so we will be available and be happy to provide any assistance throughout your Comfortable and complete mother-in-law apartment  easy walking distance from the UW, short bus ride to downtown. Well-equipped kitchen, and enjoy fresh, raw honey from our backyard bee hives. Lovely neighborhood, great for kids. Full, separate apartment with side entrance in our beautiful, garden-wrapped Wallingford home. Easy 7 minute walk to the University of Washington, bus stops to downtown / South Lake Union etc., shopping, movie theater, restaurants and bars.  We'll welcome you with fresh eggs from our chickens (when they're laying) and organic honey from backyard bee hives (safely removed from your apartment, but available for impromptu tours in season).  The studio apartment features a full kitchen with gas stove, quality cookware, breakfast bar to the living area. The kitchen comes with coffee, cream, and basic condiments. There's a hair dryer and iron included for your use. For sleeptime, there's a very comfortable queen-size bed and sofa that can convert to a second full-sizRENOVATED CRAFTSMAN HOME  |  NEW BED  |  FITS TWO |  CENTRALLY LOCATED  |  SPACIOUS KITCHEN  |  LOVELY COURTYARD BISTRO  |  FREE PARKING  |  AWESOME BUSINESS WORKSPACE  |  SUPER-SPEED WIFI 1-GIG (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) OF THREE ROOMS OFFERED ON AIRBNnB THE BLUE SUITE - Super COMFORTABLE, Super CLEAN, Super QUIET.  Five blocks from GreenLake & other Seattle adventures! This spacious private suite is a fantastic space for your Seattle stay. Comfortably fits two with a brand-new QUEEN size bed & lots of storage space.    Located on the second story of my home, which has a shared bathroom adjacent to your suite. There is also a large bathroom located on the main floor (sunken tub, walk-in shower, heated floors).  I have my own private suite in the basement, so please make the main floor your own during your stay.  BTW my home has three suites available (Blue, Green & Yellow), if this suite is not available, feel free to inquire about one of my other suites - all three suites are listed on AIThis clean and spacious 1BR/BA unit in a modern building comfortably sleeps 2. It is centrally located just blocks from Wallingford and a 15 min walk from Fremont. Nearby bus stops offer 15 min bus rides to Downtown, U District, & Ballard. This 1BR/1BA unit is approximately 650 sq ft and can sleep 3. There is a full sized bed that can sleep 2, and also a full sized pull-out couch that can sleep an additional 1 person. There is wifi but no cable TV. I do have an  Roku 3 streaming box which you are free to use and stream movies and TV shows from my personal Netflix, Sling TV (ESPN, TNT, TBS), and Amazon Prime account. There is also a digital antenna with limited local channels (NBC, FOX, CBS, etc.) Kitchen is stocked with key essentials (utensils, pots, pans, plates, bowls, spatulas, strainer, toaster, slow cooker, rice cooker, etc) and spices (salt, pepper, chili, sriracha) if you'd like to prep your own meals. In unit washer/dryer, iron, & ironing board for your laundry needs. Clean baBeautiful home located in one of Seattle's most desirable inner city neighborhoods called Queen Anne. There are various custom details which give the home character like the stairwell, bamboo floors, storage sliding doors and wonderful back garden. It is a wonderful, clean, simplistic designed home.  Maybe it is a couples getaway, family vacation or month long break... The home is really easy to relax in.   When you enter the front door of the home, you walk into the lounge room and dining area.  The lounge room has Visio HD smart TV, and Xbox console. The floor plan is open to the kitchen as well.  The kitchen has bamboo floors, top of the line Caesarstone counter tops and stainless steel appliances, filtered water system, Panini press, blender, mixer, toaster, and all the essential pots, pans and dishes of a gourmet chef.  There are various custom details which give the home uniqueness like the stairwell and storage sliding doors.  There is a landscaped garden in the backyard which cOur craftsman has a daylight basement with two private bedrooms and one bathroom.  It is located on a quiet street within easy walking distance from both Fremont and the upper Queen Anne neighborhood.  It's less than a 10 minute drive downtown and there are convenient bus lines nearby. Our house offers two private bedrooms and bath in the daylight basement.  One bedroom has a double bed the other has a queen bed.  There is also a closet and dresser available for your things.  We have a nice, fenced back yard where you are welcome to relax.  The wifi is available throughout the house.  We both love to travel and meet new people.  We do work full time, so we won't be around a lot during the day, but we are always up for hanging out on the front porch after work for a happy hour drink.  Our collie, Emma, is very mellow and friendly and she will certainly become your new friend.  Our three bedroom craftsman house is on the north side of Queen Anne hill- blocks from the Fremont neighborhoodPrivate access to your own room & bathroom -- excellent proximity to downtown, waterfront, coffee shops, restaurants & busline. Common area shared with upstairs tenants with includes laundry & workout machine during the hours of noon-7pm. Gated yard guest access to the lower floor of a single family home.    Upstairs tenants  have access to laundry and workout machine from the hours of 2-7pm. You will have access to the lower floor facilities including your private room and bathroom, tv area & backyard guest access. Privacy respected, minimal interaction during communal hours if need arises.  Host is also available to answer questions via phone or text. Our charming urban neighborhood offers plently of coffee shops, unique & traditional dining options, grocery stores, urban parks, etc.  Not to mention its excellent location to downtown & Seattle Center.  Close proximity to tech biz -- Amazon 'territory', the Gates Foundation, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Expedia. Very close to major trSuper comfortable queen size bed and private room in a quiet neighborhood in the ballard area of seattle. Full access to kitchen and amenitiesLovely room in a Queen Anne craftsman house. Welcome to our lovely home, centrally located on the west side of Queen Anne hill. Queen Anne is known as one of Seattle's most beautiful neighborhoods.  This Scandinavian styled, 2-bedroom house is very clean and tranquil. Built in 1915 by a Norwegian shipbuilder, the home is comprised of a living room with a fireplace, an expansive dining room, a kitchen with attached sunroom, sun porch and a bathroom. The kitchen is fully stocked with dishes, pots, pans, oils, tea, and spices. The house faces west and catches the evening sunsets. It is a home abundant with lush plants. Entry to the home will take you through an intimate, multi-terraced garden that overlooks a forest of black bamboo. Your room has a queen size bed, dresser, closet, and is close to the bathroom. Please note*  The lower half of the the house if also an airbnb so you will be sharing a laundry room with the guests below. Your upper portion of the house is securely locked from Beautifully updated Queen Anne 3-bedroom craftsman on top of Queen Anne hill. Walkable to parks, Queen Anne's main street, and 10-minutes by car or bus to downtown Seattle. Beautiful back yard and chef's kitchen. This is truly a beautiful family home. Child friendly! Beautiful 1917 Craftsman that went through total renovation one year ago. Walk in to a sunny living room with built-ins, a TV and a cozy fireplace.  Turn right to beautiful dining room with old-world wainscoting.  Continue through to a huge open chef's kitchen with Viking appliances, large breakfast bar island and windows everywhere.  Laundry room and powder room complete the first floor. Upstairs has a huge newly-renovated queen master bedroom with white marble en-suite bath with heated floor and large double sink.  Two other bedrooms, one with queen bed and crib and the other with crib and toddler bed.  Second upstairs bath has shower and a tub for the little ones. Out back is a deck with charcoal grill and fire pit, andLarge private BR with queen size bed in new modern townhouse. Excellent location near SPU in Queen Anne. Plenty of street parking. Easy bus access to downtown and less than one mile from Fremont or Upper QA. You'll have full access to my kitchen and huge rooftop deck. New construction, modern design, plenty of room to spread out, rooftop deck, large open office Kitchen, bathrooms, rooftop deck, living room with cable television, dining room, office I'll be around enough to give you suggestions on things to see or places to eat, but don't spend a ton of time at home. I work standard/long hours during the week and generally fill up my time after work with some form of exercise. I'm in and out over the weekend, mostly out. Great mix of quiet (residential Queen Anne) and close to the action (Fremont close by). Multiple bus lines to downtown two blocks away, Fremont is walkable (1 mile), upper Queen Anne also walkableNewly renovated light-filled home with view of the canal.  Two spacious bedroom (one bedroom is also used as living space with TV and sofa bed). Close to Fremont, Seattle Pacific University, Seattle Center, Pike Place, Downtown and South Lake Union. Newly renovated home (610 sq ft) with 2 spacious bedroom, new furniture and kitchen.  This home is the top unit of a triplex in North Queen Anne, Seattle.  Each bedroom is equipped with a queen size bed. A sofa bed and TV (set up with Roku and Netflix) is available in the master bedroom. This home is located in north Queen Anne.  It is within walking distance to Seattle Pacific University campus.  Quick and convenient drive to shops, restaurants and coffee shops in Queen Anne Village, Seattle Center, Downtown, Pike Place Market, South Lake Union, Fremont and Wallingford. Easy public transit across the street available. This home is the top unit of a triplex, with separate entrance and washer/dryer in unit. If you need anything during your sAmazing Location!  Enjoy indoor and outdoor living in this cute home close to everything in the city.  Two decks with a great grill, views of the bridge, memory foam queen mattress. Walk to the canal, Fremont, top of Queen Anne, and Gasworks Park.Spacious townhouse, 3 bedroom, 3 bathrooms and open floor plan on North Queen Anne, 15 minute walk to downtown fremont. Includes Japanese hot tub in cozy back yard. No smoking/no pets. Access to full house--includes internet, washer/dryer, fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher. No television. The house is entirely yours while I am away. Just a 15 minute walk into quirky, artsy fremont which hosts some of the best cafes and restaurants in Seattle! Metro bus stop is 1 block away with easy access to downtown Seattle. There are 3 separate bedroom spaces. The master bedroom has 1 Queen Bed. The other two bedrooms have nice inflatable-guest-beds on frames. One is Full size for 2 people, the 2nd is a single. ((URL HIDDEN) hidden)/essential-ez-bed-inflatable-guest-bed/157070?redirect=y)Beautiful top floor condo near south lake Union, Queen Anne, and Fremont available. Has wi-fi, fireplace, dishwasher, W/D, balcony, Xbox with Netflix available, very spacious with beautiful bay windows. Walk ability to Fremont is great with lots of shopping, restaurants, and bars. On bus line. This place is all yours. Call the call box to get in and keys will be waiting inside. I am in love with the Fremont neighborhood, quirky restaurants, bars, and shopping and a public market every Sunday, but if you get bored of that it is less than a 10minute ride to downtown. Nickerson is on a main busline also and right off a bike path. Download OneBusAway and you will be able to get all over seattle easily. On multiple main bus lines.Cozy 1 bedroom centrally located near Ballard, Fremont and Queen Anne. Clean and inviting with tons of natural light, a sun deck in the front and a private patio in the back. You will sleep soundly on the comfortable king sized bed. The apartment is cozy and a little secluded from the rest of the city. With the private patio in the back, sun deck in the front, you'll feel right at home with everything you need to have a great stay. Feel free to use the hammock in the back, just be sure to roll it back up once you're done. I have a few board games you're welcome to use in the closet. You can also use the washer and dryer if needed. There is a portable dishwasher available for use. Just be sure to hook it up properly before running. I will have my cell with me while I'm gone. I should have service nearly everywhere I go, but there may be times when I'm unavailable. Head west on Nickerson St and cross the bridge into Ballard to experience a great nightlife. Tons of nano-breweries (HilliarBrand new, 2nd floor studio apartment with lots of light and territorial views.  Quaint, quiet neighborhood offering lots of restaurants and boutique shopping. Located less than 4 miles from  Downtown Seattle, Ballard, Fremont, South Lake Union. 1/2 Mile to SPU campus. Private Entrance & off street parking. This cozy open 1  bedroom studio offers lots of light and  territorial views. Brand new construction with modern finishes including wood blinds, granite counter tops, in-unit washer/dryer, and kitchen with stove. Second Floor, above garage apartment. Comfortable as an executive rental for one or a getaway for a family of 4. Please note second bed is a pull-out sofa. Unit best suited for 2 adults and 2 kids. Open Bedroom has a Queen Bed Living Area offers a Queen Sleeper Sofa, perfect for additional guests or kids. Looking for kid-friendly equipment? Just ask. We are happy to provide a pack n play, infant toys, or other child needs as available to make your stay more comfortable. UniCOMFORTABLE QUIET 2- BDR/BATH + PATIO, ON RESIDENTIAL STREET - NEIGHBORLY AMBIANCE WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE •Park •Queen Anne Ave – -Shops, Cafes, Varied Restaurants •Seattle Pacific University (SPU) •Fremont  •Bus to downtown Seattle - 1 block •Two-Bedroom - quiet spacious bedrooms - king bed and queen sized bedroom   •Living and dining area   •Kitchen fully equipped  •Bathroom - state of the art whirlpool/soaking bathtub with shower •Sofa bed in living room for extra person •Wi-Fi access as well as several TV channels    ROKU streaming Netflix, Amazon Prime, PBS, News channels, Pandora •Family friendly  •No charge for children under 12 •Pets (dogs & cats) welcome  - $40 pet fee GUESTS HAVE ACCESS TO ALL AMENITIES  •WASHER/DRYER – shared laundry facility •PARKING ONE SPACE - behind house under covered car port •PATIO – TWO-BURNER GAS GRILL - shared and for your use. •GARDEN (not fenced in)  - except for dog pen – for our beagle Sammy •HAND SOAP/BODY WASH/SHAMPOO  •HAIR DRYER •This housWe set out to create a one-of-a-kind home and succeeded. The architecture is modern, yet warm, industrial, yet slightly Asian. It has many influences that are Pacific Northwest but it is worldly in its style. The home is spacious, nearly 3000 square. We set out to create a one-of-a-kind home and succeeded. The architecture is modern, yet warm, industrial, yet slightly Asian. It has many influences that are Pacific Northwest but it is worldly in its style. The home is spacious, nearly 3000 square feet and there is plenty of space to be together or have quiet to yourself.  Two of the three bathrooms are very large, one with slate shower and jetted tub and a view of the bay.  It is wired for music and Wi-Fi. The home is located on the coveted southwest side of Queen Anne hill.  Not only is this home an amazing place to relax or entertain, but it has two full office spaces and is fantastic for working while you are here. It is set with cabinets, desks, great lighting and tons of space. TheModernized bungalow three story home, overlooking the University of Washington and the Cascade Mountains.  Home still retains its old world charm. The house is surrounded by a large well maintained garden that attracts many local birds. Modernized bungalow three story home in the Queen Anne neighborhood, with a view overlooking the University of Washington and the Cascade Mountains to the east. The home still retains its old world charm. The room available is on the main floor of the house, with the bathroom located directly outside the bedroom.  There is a shared large TV room, as well as a fully equipped kitchen and dining area.   The house is surrounded by a large well maintained garden that attracts many local birds.  You are invited to use the large deck and outdoor seating area during your stay.   Fremont and upper Queen Anne are a short 10 minute walk for a wide variety of restaurants, coffee shops, bakeries and grocery stores.  The Metro Bus stop is 2 blocks away that can take Very quiet bedroom with queen size bed and private bathroom attached. The room has a TV and a Roku for entertainment HBO, Netflix and Amazon Prime included. Selection of Organic coffee and tea in the bedroom. The building has dedicated guest parking. Newly renovated bedroom with real bamboo floors and your own private full bath. Top floor Condominium, comfortable and very quiet. There is a deck with water view from the living room, guests are welcome to use it. It is especially nice during the summer months. The kitchen is fully equipped but does not  have a microwave. If you are interested in breakfast or dinner we can work something out. I enjoy cooking and do so every day. Friends compliment me on my food at dinner parties. The building has guest parking that is usually available. I will be happy to interact with my guests if they feel like it. This said I've setup everything to give you the most privacy. I've lived in the area for a few years and know a few cool things to do aroundOur house looks unassuming from the outside, a Post War epoch in a quiet old Seattle neighborhood.  Follow a lovely entry to a secret sanctuary, with spa bath, steam shower and dreamy bed. Nest Queen Anne is perfect for a single guest or couple. Amenities include: A new private apartment with beautiful finishes – stone; marble and clear fir; Spa bathroom with radiant heated floor, soaking tub and steam shower; Kitchenette with gas cooktop,  microwave,  stainless steel fridge and espresso; Environmentally friendly hot water heating system; Elegant modern fireplace; Wifi and Ethernet connectivity; Cloud-like comfort in W Hotel queen bed, fitted with luxurious linens. High efficiency Washer and Dryer Ample free parking Polite dogs welcome with prior approval. There is a $60 charge for up to two pre-approved dogs, to cover additional cleaning costs generated by even tidy pets. Seattle is a destination for those seeking cultural and outdoor adventures, and new career opportunities. The glorThis beautiful home is in a great location on a quiet street at the center of historic Queen Anne. It's close to downtown Seattle and walking distance to restaurants, bakeries, grocery and clothing stores and beautiful parks. The two story, 3 bedroom + 2 bath house has everything you need for a an awesome stay in Seattle and one of the coolest neighborhoods. You'll find a lush, private backyard garden with a Japanese fountain, front and back decks (east + west sun), barbeque, original art, a well-equipped kitchen stocked with the basics and all appliances, updated bathrooms, an extensive library, and all the amenities (cable, TV, WiFi).  Amenities  • Free high-speed wifi.  • Free HD cable TV.  • Free use of the full-size washer and dryer.  • 3 Bedrooms with Queen beds are outfitted with 100% cotton sheets, down comforters and down pillows.  • Bathrooms are equipped with towels, hair dryers, shampoo, conditioner.  Neighborhood  Upper Queen Anne is a charming neighborhood full of beautifNewly remodeled 1906 Craftsman Home with a bright, cozy, daylight basement apartment. Located on top of Queen Anne, featuring parks with amazing city views, top notch restaurants, bakeries, and shopping. Minutes away from Downtown and Seattle Ctr This space is bright, cozy, warm, and elegantly furnished in a classical European style.  Situated in a beautiful and quiet neighborhood on Upper Queen Anne.   The apartment offers hardwood floors, granite counter-tops, a shared backyard and easy street parking.  We have wireless internet, full kitchen, spacious dining area, living room, and a large flat screen TV.  The bedroom offers a very comfortable memory foam queen mattress and attached bath.  All of the furnishings, bed and bath linens are brand new!  This is a mother-in-law apartment, located beneath a single family home and has it's own separate entrance.  (The ceiling height is 6'6" so super tall people may find it difficult) This home is on a bus route for easy access to all of the Spacious one bedroom apartment with lots of natural light and amazing sunrise views of the Cascade Mountains. Quiet, comfortable & easy access to everything you need in Seattle. Walkable score is an outstanding 86!    It's quiet, full of natural light, comfortable and safe with plenty of space for two. Besides a couch there is also deluxe queen sized inflatable mattress available should you need it.  The open layout with multiple windows make this home bright, spacous and even private thanks to the many trees.  As of February 2015, you will enjoy a newly renovated bathroom! Walkability from the apartment is a whopping 86 because its flat and extremely close to Fremont, bus stops, bike trails and all that the city has to offer. No giant hills to go up or down!! There is FREE parking onsite but a car isn't needed to explore Seattle. In just a few minutes you can be on a bus to Ballard, downtown, Pike Place Market, Seattle Center, Greenlake...etc. Most bus rides will have you to your destOur 2 bedroom, 2 bath home has an amazing view, lots of light, and a modern aesthetic. We are located on Queen Anne hill, just 10 minutes from the city. For those with kids, we have lots of toys, kid-gear, and a fenced, kid-friendly private backyard. We are a family of 5, and we rent our home when we travel. Our home is a recently remodeled mid-century modern with a beautiful view of Elliot Bay, Magnolia and the Olympic mountains.  The house faces west, gets lots of light, and you can watch the ferries and ships go by while enjoying the afternoon light and sunsets.  Located on the Northwest corner of Queen Anne, you have easy access to the top of the hill, downtown, Ballard, and Fremont.   Our house is a 2 minute drive from Whole Foods, QFC, several local coffee shops, and the best burger joint in town.  The same locations, plus a bus stop, are about a 15 minute walk.  Downtown is 10 minutes by car. Our home can sleep 5-6 comfortably. Our master has a king sized bed, and our kids room Newly remodeled 1906 Craftsman Home with a bright, cozy, daylight basement apartment. Located on top of Queen Anne, featuring parks with amazing city views, top notch restaurants, bakeries, and shopping. Minutes away from Downtown and Seattle Center! This space is cozy, warm & snug hideaway.     Situated in a beautiful and quiet neighborhood on Upper Queen with amazing viewpoints, restaurants and shopping within walking distance. This newly remodeled daylight basement apartment offers all the comforts of home.  (Ceiling height is 6'6" which can be a problem if you're super tall!) A  shared backyard for relaxing afternoons and Sunday BBQ's.  Wireless internet, full kitchen and bath, (room for two adults) and comfy living room.  The bedroom offers a very comfortable queen mattress and soothing atmosphere.   This apartment offers everything you will need.   This home is on a bus route for easy access to all of the Seattle area.  Just minutes away from Ballard, Fremont, Amazon, South Lake Welcome to our NW retreat. Everything you need for a relaxing vacation right at your finger tips. Sweeping views of Elliot Bay and the Olympic Mountains, new hot tub, fire pit, easy parking, 10 min to downtown and everything Seattle has to offer! Welcome to our coastal bungalow located on the west side of Queen Anne. The house was recently featured on Architecture Art Designs Website -15 Marvelous Coastal Residence you would love to own! The house is newly renovated with a truly NW coastal feel,  includes all the amenities you will need for a relaxing stay.  Make yourself at home and enjoy this unique Seattle Bungalow Featuring: Living Room -Leather Couch, seats 4 people comfortably  -Custom made 8' Driftwood mirror to reflect water views  -Shabby Chic media consul, includes games & DVD's (blue ray DVD  player) -Inset 46"  Smart TV with adjustable swivel mount- Pandora, Netflix and Amazon  -12' Glass Patio door and picture window to fully enjoy the views  -Gas fireplace with beach rockTwo bedroom, private bath with jacuzzi. Located in lively Upper Queen Anne neighborhood. Quiet, quaint and very walkable.  Just minutes walk to numerous restaurants, bars, cafes, shopping. Several bus routes with stops just a couple blocks away. Villa Hill is a 104 year-old Craftsman bungalow situated in a historical neighborhood of similarly unique homes.  The house is being painstakingly restored to evoke the original charm of the Arts and Crafts Era. This space includes 2 bedrooms and a private bath. In addition to a private shower, the bathroom has a jacuzzi type soaking tub. The 2nd bedroom has an Asian-inspired theme. This room has a TV with HBO, SHO, Netflix, Hulu, Pandora and other streaming channels. There is a refrigerator, microwave, and coffee-maker in this room. The futon can be made into a queen bed if desired. Ten dollars per person extra for up to two additional guests. Guests have access to the entire upper floor -- with the exception of host's bedroom which is locatedBeautiful 100 yr colonial - redone.  Large, private, fenced garden.  Deck w/ sunset-light.  2 Large family rooms. Parking.  Best Queen Anne neighborhood.  Walk to bus, Macrina coffee, children's parks. 5 minutes to lake or ocean.  Quiet. Weekly only. Rare opportunity to live like a true Seattle family.  Best neighborhood, large private garden with fountain, grapes growing on the deck.  Walk to great restaurants, cafes (Bustle, Macrina), art gallery, large parks.  Able to host a large family party. The whole house (with limited area closed off). Limited. Queen Anne is close to everything, yet very private.  Great sunsets from up high on the hill. 2 bus lines just 2 blocks away, come every half hour usually.  Offstreet parking.  Street parking never a problem.Located in the Queen Anne neighborhood close to Ballard, Fremont and Downtown. Bus stop, starbucks and grocery store. 10 min drive to Pike Market and the rest of downtown. Plenty of street parking. Private room and bath, shared entryway (front door). Private floor, bedroom, and bathroom. Close to both downtown Seattle and smaller neighborhoods such as Queen Anne, Ballard, and Fremont. Walking distance to grocery store, parks, local pub, etc.. Guests have the entire first floor. Access to the bathroom, bedroom, closets, etc.. If available we will meet and check you in. After that I am happy to recommend places to see, transit, and mingle as much or little as you would like. Quiet neighborhood a short ride to all the action Seattle has to offer (food, bars, stadiums, etc). There is a bus stop within walking distance. You can also use Uber or Lyft (ask me for promo codes). Wifi is CasacadeLink305. Inquire for password.This charming Queen Anne 2 bedroom, 1 bath home is tastefully furnished with all the amenities for comfortable living. Open floor plan with stunning territorial views, hardwood floors and decks abound the outside of the house.  NOTE: This is for the separate upstairs part of the home. Another tenant lives downstairs. The floors are separated by a locked door. With bustling bars, restaurants, and attraction-heavy Seattle Center in Lower Queen Anne and historic houses, quaint shopping streets, and quiet parks high up on a hill in Upper Queen Anne, this distinct neighborhood has something for everyone. Please read the full listing, and feel free to ask any questions. I typically am able to respond in a timely manner. Private Two Bedroom House:  • One queen and one full matress • One full bathroom • Free wifi   • Full ready to use kitchen  • Private deck Please note: This beautiful home is split into two sections. The listing is for the use of the upstairs. There is a separate apartment arRest easy at this warm and cozy 2-bedroom gem centrally located in one of Seattle's most charming and desirable neighborhoods. Rest easy at this warm and cozy 2-bedroom gem centrally located in one of Seattle's most charming and desirable neighborhoods. Walk along quaint, tree-lined streets to restaurants and shopping on Queen Anne Avenue or catch the bus a block away for a quick 10-minute ride to the popular Seattle Center and exciting downtown. Afterwards, enjoy dinner or a glass of wine on the beautiful fenced-in outdoor patio. Upper Queen Anne is distinguished for its beautiful scenic views, tree-lined avenues, gorgeous homes and charming, family friendly businesses - which offer countless shops, restaurants, grocery stores, and of course, coffee houses - all within walking distance of each other. It's situated on a Seattle's highest hill, so it offers stunning panoramic views in every direction -- downtown Seattle, the Space Needle, Mt. Rainier, Elliott Bay, and the Olympic and CaEnjoy a premium, cozy, & convenient getaway in Queen Anne Seattle, w/ eateries & coffee shops min walking away in upper QA & in Fremont. Hit downtown & waterfront tourist attractions in 10 min, or night out destinations in less than 15 min (driving). Very spacious apartment that comfortably accommodates 2~3 guests, with the capacity to host up to 5 guests. The entire floor is covered with premium wool carpet and is kept very clean and cozy. Private entrance. Access to BBQ if needed. We will offer any help you need! We love hosting guests! :) When you book your reservation, please include a brief note letting us know a little about you and your other guests, what time you'll arrive & depart, and any other details that will help us fine tune the details of your visit.  ..................................................................................  The price is for 1 or 2 guests sharing the bed in the master bedroom. Your reservation can be upgraded to include the bedding for the sofa        Come stay in our stylish, centrally located 3 bedroom home.  This is a bright and airy upper-level unit in a duplex, with level entry access, in a quiet neighborhood setting.                     We hope you will enjoy your time in Seattle!! Features of our home include hardwood floors, fireplace, W/D, microwave, and a covered, furnished deck.  The bedrooms are set up with 2 queens and 1 double bed.  The house has a fully equipped kitchen with cooking essentials.  Situated on North Queen Anne Hill, our home has a territorial view of Fremont, with glimpses of the Ship Canal.  It is steps to Seattle Pacific University and minutes to a coffee shop, a bakery and buses to downtown.  Enjoy easy access to Queen Anne Avenue, Fremont, Ballard, the Burke Gilman Trail, Discovery Park and the Seattle Center.  Drive over the top of Queen Anne Hill and you'll be in the heart of downtown Seattle in 15 minutes or less.  The offices for Adobe and Amazon are also in very close proximity. You willEnjoy natural light all day and beautiful sunsets at night from this comfortable condo minutes from either Ballard or upper Queen Anne where you can find some of Seattle's best restaurants and bars.   Fully stocked kitchen, W&D, cable & Apple TV w/ Sonos playbar.An elegant choice, our largest room within this Seattle Bed & Breakfast has a queen bed & private bath with tub & hand-held shower. With Asian art and soft, rich, restful colors based on the mellow radiance of wood tones, the North room looks out on a large red cedar tree.  The North Room adjoins the East Room with the possibility of becoming a suite for four.  The Inn of Twin Gables is a Seattle Bed and Breakfast Inn offering three comfortable guest rooms and a fully equipped 2-bedroom apartment with full kitchen, bath and laundry facility. We prepare a substantial gourmet breakfast. Personal attention and an ambiance of welcome and comfort make it your home away from home. Inn of Twin Gables is located on the west slope of Queen Anne Hill in Seattle, Washington, close to Magnolia, Ballard, and Fremont. The eclectic Queen Anne neighborhood, named for its architecture, is just north of downtown, Pike Place Market, and Pioneer Square. It offers fabulous views and quiet residential elegaPrivate, modern one bedroom with old world charm. Room has its own private entrance at the rear of the house, with direct access to large shared back deck and yard. Room has plenty of storage with queen size bed, cement floors and its own gas fireplace. The bathroom is adjacent to the room. Modernized bungalow three story home in the Queen Anne neighborhood, with a view overlooking the University of Washington and the Cascade Mountains to the east. The home still retains its old world charm. The room available is on the lower level of the house, with the bathroom located directly outside the bedroom.  There is a shared large TV room in the Spaceneedle family room, The entire downstairs has polished cement floors. There is a small mini fridge in the room as well for your use.   The house is surrounded by a large well maintained garden that attracts many local birds.  You are invited to use the large deck and outdoor seating area during your stay.   Fremont and upper Queen Anne are a shoCozy  2 bedroom, 1 bath duplex apartment home is in a prime Queen Anne/seattle location.   Features: Working fireplace Hardwoods Washer/dryer in unit Easy street parking Two bedrooms which both feature queen beds Delightful mid-century feel Living room has sofa sleeper, tv The whole first floor, laundry, partial view.  The apartment is all yours!  The house has a mid-century feel. Cozy, nice living room furniture. An amazing value for two bedroom apartment in the highly desirable Queen Anne neighborhood. There is a side deck, easy parking on street. The house is equipped with all kitchen supplies, towels and linens. Direct tv is installed with a brand new living room TV. Living room has plenty of seating and sofa sleeper sofa. I want you to be as comfortable as possible. I live top of Queen Anne, so very close if guests need anything. I am very easy to contact through text or call! Enjoy!! The whole first floor, laundry within unit partial view.  The apartment is all yours! I want you Full furnished 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom  home is conveniently located 1 mile from the Space Needle and 2 miles from Pikes Place market.  The house features 1 bedroom with a king bed, 1 bedrooms with a queen bed, 1 bedroom with a crib (air mattress available), a large kitchen with a nook, a semi-separated dining room and a large living room with an L shaped couch.  The fenced in front yard is perfect for your kids and the large deck with hammock, dining area and wood fired oven is great for entertaining.  The house is 2,200 sq ft with plenty of living space.  Rental includes use of towels, sheets and all other contents of the house. We have a hypoallergenic labradoodle that inhabits the house when not rented.Great location, on the north side of Queen Anne, walking distance to Fremont, and close to bus lines running all over the city. 900 sq. ft. open format house, artistic touches,big backyard with 4 resident chickens, and in a great neighborhood! Front door opens into an inviting living room/dining room area with a comfortable couch. Still in the main area is the kitchen and a small computer nook. There are 2 bedrooms, one with a Queen sized bed, the other with a twin bed, changing table, toys, and children's books. There is one bathroom located between the two bedrooms. Laundry room is located just beyond the computer nook, and the laundry room leads into the large backyard which is where the chickens live. Backyard also has a gas grill, hammock, and table/chairs for outdoor eating. Guest will have access to the entire home, front yard and backyard. If the timing works, I might be able to meet you at the house when you check-in, otherwise I will send you information about how to access tOur quaint 2BD/1BA apartment comprises the lower floor of a 1940s duplex. Located just 2 blocks from SPU, it's nestled in a quiet neighborhood but with easy, walkable access to all the attractions of Queen Anne Hill, Fremont and Ballard.Welcome to our lovely home, centrally located on the west side of Queen Anne hill. Queen Anne is known as one of Seattle's most beautiful neighborhoods.  This Scandinavian styled, 2-bedroom house is very clean and tranquil. Built in 1915 by a Norwegian shipbuilder, the home is comprised of a living room with a fireplace, an expansive dining room, a kitchen with attached sunroom, sun porch and a bathroom. The kitchen is fully stocked with dishes, pots, pans, oils, tea, and spices. The house faces west and catches the evening sunsets. It is a home abundant with lush plants. Entry to the home will take you through an intimate, multi-terraced garden that overlooks a forest of black bamboo. There is one Queen size bed in the guest room, a full size and one twin bed both  located in the sunporch.  Please note*  The lower half of the the house if also an airbnb so you will be sharing a laundry room with the guests below. Your upper portion of the house is securely locked from the lower portio2br, 1bath house.  Walking distance to everything on Queen Anne/Kerry Park, 5 min taxi ride to everything in Seattle.  Olympic/Cascade Mountain views from both patios, and chef style kitchen to cook everything you buy at Pike Place Market :) 1200sf 2br/1b home.  Indoor and outdoor seating to take advantage of warm Seattle nights.  Kitchen stocked with every tool a chef needs.  1 king size bed, 1 comfy queen size sleeper, plus 2 additional couches to accommodate up to 6 adults. Private access - we'll leave a key for you and you can come and go as you please! You likely won't see us while there with the exception of check in/checkout.  We will provide detailed instructions on how to get to the house and any other pertinent details!  We will however be available by phone to provide recommendations or assistance if you need it! Located right at the top of Queen Anne Hill, turn left out of the front door and you are two blocks from fantastic restaurants, grocery stores, wine bars, and shopsQueen Anne condo w/ views of Fremont and Ballard. Balcony on the north side and a large private terrace on the south end. 2-level condo with the bedrooms and full bath on the upper level. Living room, kitchen, dining room and half bath on lower levelThis beautiful, spacious one bedroom apartment is located in the historic neighborhood of Queen Anne. With buses a short ride to downtown, and the Fremont bridge only a couple of blocks away, there are tons of attractions within walking distance! Our lovely three bedroom home is situated on Queen Anne, within easy walking distance to both the Fremont neighborhood and the top of Queen Anne. We have three bedrooms that comfortably sleep six.  We have a twin day bed in the basement room that would work well for an additional guest if need be.  Two bedrooms have queen beds and one room has a double.  The upstairs has a living room, dining room, gas fireplace and well equipped kitchen.  The kitchen has granite counters, stainless steel appliances, a microwave, and gas range. Two bedrooms downstairs share a bathroom with a jetted tub and shower.  The one bedroom on the main floor uses the main full bathroom.  The basement room has a large sectional couch, large flat screen tv, and small desk.  There is also a laundry room with top of the line washer and dryer. Wi-fi is available through out the house.  We have a nice fenced in backyard, an outdoor dining table that sits six, and an outdoor firepit. Our three bedroom craftsman house iSafe central location. High Walk-ability score. Many good restaurants, shops. Enjoy a private room in the North Slope of Queen Anne.  The apartment is in a quiet neighborhood and has convenient access to downtown, Fremont, Ballard. LOCATION  Queen is a vibrant vibrant neighborhood. The location is really incredible, convenient, and safe.  You will be close to downtown with easy access to bike trails and bus lines.  There is a plenty of street parking available.  There are several parks and you can walk to both the restaurants and shops in Fremont and Queen Anne giving you tons of options to choose from. I will meet you upon arrival to get you settled.  You will have your own private room and shared access to the bathroom and kitchen. Wifi and netflix are available (of course).  Common areas are shared, but you can make yourself at home! My schedule varies, but I will try my best to make myself available as you need me.  Interaction is really based on your needs (within reason). This isThis charming older home sits on a quiet dead end street in the Queen Anne Hill neighborhood providing convenient access to all the best neighborhoods and restaurants in Seattle. The home offers clean, cozy, and affordable living at a discounted price. You will find easy off street parking and a full size washer/dryer in this home. Warm, Clean & Cozy. Full house access Keybox on front door knob. Ask Conor for code. Very quiet neighborhood with close access to all your needs, 50+ restaurants/pubs/cafes within walking distance. The street is all single home residences. Easy to hop on the Burke-Gilman trail and the Ship Canal trail to walk or cycle downtown, to the Seattle Center, or the University of Washington. Metro bus service within a few blocks. There are bus schedules and ferry schedules in the House Manual. This is an entire private home. (Not a duplex, mother in-law unit, etc)Walking distance to starbucks, public transit, bus, grocery stores (qfc,whole foods), LA fitness 2 miles. Ballard is 2 miles to the main strip of bars and eateries. Townhome is located on lower Queen Anne. 3.5 miles from pikes place, 4.5 from caphillPrivate room in a beautiful Queen Anne town home. Close to Ballard, downtown, pike place, Seattle center, space needle, Fremont, discovery park.The basement is not underground. It's half a level down. It's a fully finished home with one bedroom, kitchen, bath, futon sofa in living room. The bed is queen sized with a heated blanket. No A/C but there's no need the basement always stays cool. It's spacious. My hubby and I live above. We are pretty quiet. No kids or pets which  will be nice for less noise. We do a fair amount of walking around.  There is one low spot in the basement ceiling. If you're over 6 feet tall you will need to take care. You have access to the home from the side door, it's on the North side of the house. There's a keypad and we'll email you the code before you arrive. Take two steps down to your place. There is an interior door you can lock for added security (which isn't necessary...) We live above. Text to start then we can talk or meet IRL to discuss anything. Bus, Life, Food, Movies, Shopping. The neighborhood is amazing. Quiet Resi and near town. Near coffee shops (2), small market, hair salons, etc. New remodel! Lovely, quiet,  2 BR with superspacious living room/ dining room unit on W Queen Anne.  Experience a walking neighborhood  close to exciting restaurants and shops. Enjoy stunning views from deck or fireplace warmed LR.Welcome to Queen Breeze B&B! A stylish retreat on top of Queen Anne Hill. Just 3 blocks from shops and restaurants and minutes to vibrant South Lake Union, the Space Needle, Downtown, Pike Place Market, University of WA, and more! This is a mother-in-law apartment, located beneath a single family home and has it's own separate entrance. Completely renovated 1 bed/1 bath comes equipped with: *Heated bathroom floors, 802-gram turkish cotton towels and bath robes *Kitchenette equipped with Breville oven, hot plate, Nespresso coffee maker, Viking mini-refrigerator, wine cooler, stemware, vintage china...cook in the comfort of home, but don't deny your belly the happiness of Seattle cuisine! *Organic, 100% natural queen size hypo-allergenic mattress. Restoration Hardware vintage-washed bed linens, hypo-allergenic pillow cases, and mattress cover.  *65" smart flatscreen TV equipped with Direct TV and surround sound/*WiFi Guests have access to: *Your own private washer/dryer *Our small, but lQuiet, comfortable and luxuriously furnished 2 bedroom apartment with fantastic views in the Queen Anne neighborhood of Seattle. Spacious bathroom with large soaking tub and extra large shower. Serene setting with beautiful gardens. Private patio. Newer apt in 1910 Queen Anne home. There is plenty of closet and bureau space as it is not a full time residence. Full horizon views of the Olympic Mountains, and partial views of Puget Sound and Shilshole Marina - watch ferries and cruise ships.  Queen Anne is a picturesque neighborhood of older homes and gorgeous gardens with many parks. Our house is perched above a winding walkway, allowing stellar views. Most guests prefer to enter via the back garden - this is also the best way to get to Macrina's Bakery and the bus stops. When entering this way there are 2 steps down via a back gate and a flat entry from the front patio. There is a foyer area for coats and Olympics view seating - with large windows it's almost like being outdoors. The pThe beautiful 4 level town-house is the perfect place to stay if you're looking to experience what it's like to live like a local in a quiet, residential neighborhood. Enjoy the true Seattle in a soaring townhome that has room for eight, and is minutes away from dining, restaurants, and public transportation.   This home is quiet and peaceful, yet 15 minutes from the hustle and bustle of downtown Seattle.  Walk to the Ship Canal trail (two blocks) or Seattle's eclectic Fremont neighborhood (about five minutes walk away). Enter at the ground floor, kick off your shoes, take off your coat, and plan to stay awhile!  A full sized washer and dryer (complete with supples) is tucked into a closet, to make this a great place for an extended stay or families.  Make your way up a flight of stairs to two roomy bedrooms, one with a queen sized bed.  The second bedroom is an office, with twin bunk beds, TV and iHome docking station.  These two bedrooms have a shared bathroom.  The front office/bedrMy beautiful 2 BR apartment in a restored triplex has gorgeous finishes and is just a short three miles from downtown Seattle and close to great restaurants, shopping and sightseeing. Stay in the city for much less than a downtown hotel!  My apartment in the top floor of a triplex has 2 bedrooms, 1 bath, a living room, dining room, office and gorgeous kitchen, all with beautiful finishes, including clawfoot bathtub with shower, granite countertops, crown moldings, stainless steel appliances, an Italian gas stove and range, hardwood and heated tile floors, tall ceilings, large windows that provide tons of natural light and a full-size washer and dryer.  The kitchen is well equipped for cooks. I live in the Queen Anne neighborhood, which is just three miles from all the local sites to see - Space Needle, Downtown, Belltown, Pike Place Market, and the downtown waterfront.  My apartment is within walking distance of great restaurants, boutiques and coffee shops on Queen Anne Avenue.  ThereWe are offering the comfort and warmth of the entire top floor of our home, with view of the Olympics - minutes away from the Seattle Center, downtown, and Pike Place Market. We are on a quiet tree lined street with an electric trolly stop in front. We have lived atop Queen Anne Hill, considered one of the most highly sought after areas in Seattle, since 1979 where we have  raised 2 children. We have entirely remodeled our 1919 bungalow style home while retaining its bungalow charm: oriental rugs covering new bamboo floors in living room , dining room and kitchen. Decorative, double paned windows, built in book cases, Amish-made, Mission Style furniture, professional Garland gas stove, hand made fir cabinets, dishwasher, microwave, toaster oven and Kitchen Aid mixer. Both bedrooms overlook the garden. From the kitchen windows you can see the majestic Olympic Range. The house is located on a corner lot with the #1 Trolley line right out front to connect guests to every part of the city.Come enjoy quintessential Seattle living in my carefully renovated craftsman style home. It comfortably fits two and is centrally located minutes from I-5, UW and downtown. Enjoy a spacious kitchen, lovely patio and a hubbub of daytime activities two blocks away at Greenlake Park. The guest room is on the main floor and has a new queen sized bed, a walk in closet and it's own private bath.  If you check out the photos, you'll notice the tub is the original 1903 claw foot tub, which I mention because it requires a bit of agility to get in and out of.  The room is ideal for 1-2 people, but there's no need to stay confined in the bedroom, I have my own private space upstairs, so please make the main floor your own while you're here.  Street parking is free and rarely a problem.  For those concerned with stairs, there are about 6 steps from the curb to my yard, and another 6 steps up to my front porch, this is fairly typical of the neighborhood. There are great places to eat close by, but Beautiful charming 1912 home in Seattle. One 10' x 14' private bedroom on first floor with queen bed. Share semi-private new bathroom with other guests (if any) (owner uses separate toilet and sink, but shares shower with guests). House has lots of light, landscaped backyard oasis with hot tub and hammock and heritage-status English Walnut tree. Kitchen facilities available, use of common areas and hot tub on backyard deck. Close to the #16 and #48 buses (bus stop one block away). Conveniently located near I-5 and near the Aurora Highway (Route 99). 1 1/2 blocks from the north end of Green Lake, with BluWater, Zeek's Pizza, Urban Bakery, Cioccholati Coffee, Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream, and Duke's Chowderhouse. Green Lake is a state park with a 2.8 mile inner track circling the lake and green grass for playing and running and a kiddie pool in summer right across the street! *** Exit #172 off the freeway = Very close to I-5, Rte. 99, and bus stop a block away. Near Ballard, Fremont, Lake CitMain floor of our home includes 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a chef's kitchen, living room and dining room.  The lower level has a spacious family room with an additional full bath and laundry room. Large, private deck perfect for entertaining. There is a bus stop 1 block east of the house - at the corner of Corliss Ave. and 80th. From there you can catch the 16 bus towards Downtown Seattle (east bound - 30 mins) or Northgate Mall (west bound - 14 mins). There is parking available on three sides of the house (west, south, and east).Beautiful craftsman filled with light and art. Three bedrooms on three levels, with gourmet kitchen, film room, Dual marble shower and Zen garden. Located just two blocks from Green Lake park, and within 15 minutes of downtown Seattle by bus. Craftsman home on one of Seattle's most beautiful streets, one block from Greenlake, a beloved 300-acre (120 hectares) park. Newly renovated 1926 home with gorgeous details such as film room, Zen garden, master suite with library and office, gourmet kitchen, double marble shower, three full baths, sunny deck, hot tub, period millwork and hardwood floors. Very quiet neighborhood near hip restaurants, one block from bus line, and ten minutes to downtown Seattle. From prizewinning chefs to neighborhood pubs, from contemporary galleries to exciting universities, our city has much to offer families and couples. The Greenlake neighborhood thrives with outdoor enthusiasts and wildlife lovers. Ducks, loons, herons, geese, turtles, hawks, and eagles are amThis is a one month rental in Seattle for August only.  This rental does not include the basement apartment located at the same address.  Guests do not have access to the apartment bellow.  This quiet studio apt. is just steps away from Greenlake. Great dining and bars are just downstairs but out of earshot. This location is seconds from the freeway, and only 10 minutes from downtown Seattle.  Includes gated entry and full amenities. The studio is quite, spacious, and offers great natural light. Roof access gives way to a rooftop patio, complete with lounge area and grilling area. The apartment complex also includes a gym and community lounge with cable tv, a cooking area, and air conditioning. TThis apartment is just across the street from Greenlake Park which offers a 3 mile walkway around the lake, as well as water activities and rentals. This area of Greenlake also includes many restaurants and bars, though the real nightlife is further south in Fremont, Capital Hill, Ballard, and Downtown.  The location offers quick access to food and drinks, including an in building pizza place, burger place, asian food, and a great coffee shop. There are multiple buses in the area Welcome to Green Lake Place!  With a grand three-tier fountain to welcome you, Green Lake Place is ideal for any social or family gathering especially young families as we are child friendly. Experience exciting Northwest living without breaking your budget! Enjoy the popular Green Lake as your backyard, an easy stroll to all the fun from your front door. Relax with a walk or jog around the flat 2.8 mile paved trails around the lake, ride a bicycle, play tennis or golf, treat yourself to a massage, go for a swim (lake or indoor pool), sail or kayak, enjoy a play at the Bathhouse Theater. Or recharge at restaurants and pubs featuring local and ethnic foods and microbreweries. All within 10-15 minutes leisurely walk from your front door!  Otherwise, just hop in your car for a few minutes ride to more fun and shops at Northgate Mall and Thornton Creek Imax Cinemas. You can also zip easily into Downtown Seattle, University of Washington, UW Medical, Microsoft and Boeing. Green Lake is a woNewly renovated and hip two bedroom apartment in the basement of our craftsman home. Concrete floors and kitchen counters. Spacious, brand new appliances including washer and dryer. 950 square feet. One block from Green Lake, which has a 3-mile walking/biking trail and baseball, golf, swimming, fishing, playgrounds, dog runs etc. Green Lake also has many shops, restaurants, coffee bars and services, and is less than 15 minutes to downtown. Families welcome! Pets considered.Our house sits at the end a quiet dead end and yet has plenty to do: 1/2 mile from Green Lake, a mile from Greenwood's "town," and near the fun Univ. District. Just 15 minutes from downtown with easy access to busses, and we're just off the freeway. The room is on the bottom floor and has a queen size bed, full length mirror, closet and dresser. In addition to the bedroom, enjoy a sitting room, your own bathroom, and access to the rest of the house as well. A third person  can be accommodated on the couch or an air bed. There is an additional bedroom with a full size mattress upstairs. (See listing, "Sunny Room with a Deck.") Upstairs you are welcome to a gourmet kitchen, an outdoor deck with hot tub, a large dining table, and living room with television and DVD player.  Please feel free to have the run of the house! All of its common areas are open to you. We are available most weekends to hang out and possibly show you around. Great neighborhood for running, walking, biking and (websEnjoy this beautiful, cozy, very private mother-in-law apt, right on Green Lake! Blocks away from several popular cafes, bars, restaurants and tourist attractions. Most popular recreation area in the city. We would love to have you! :) Beautiful mother-in-law, in the home basement level, is located directly across from Green Lake with it's own entrance! This is my favorite spot in Seattle! In walking distance there are great restaurant's/bars, popular hang-out spots/cafes, and lots of outdoor activities. 10 min drive to downtown and bus stop one block away that goes directly downtown! There's an outdoor patio area for your leisure. It's a one full bedroom with the supreme Indulgence mattress! Though it sleeps up to 4 adults with a queen size air mattress available. One full bathroom, Washer/Dryer, fully loaded kitchen, living and dining area, and cable TV.  If you have any questions at all please contact us:)) Thanks!  Andria :) ps. I'm Andria and I manage Chad's beautiful airbnb :) YoSunny and spacious modern basement apartment with a private entrance, kitchenette, large flat screen TV and pinball machine. Historical Film Décor. Spacious and sunny lower level apartment is ready for you! Private entrance and convenient on-street parking with plenty of home amenities. Clean one bedroom (queen bed), kitchenette, with a home theater for your viewing pleasure. The couch has a new comfortable full-size fold-out bed with memory foam mattress in the main room. The bathroom is clean and modern and has a stand-up shower. Guests have a separate private entrance to the apartment. We are happy to answer any questions for you. We respect your privacy as you stay. Green Lake, hip local restaurants and coffee shops within a few blocks. Walking distance to popular Green Lake park, which has a nearly 3 mile jogging trail around the lake.  Conveniently situated between vibrant Wallingford and downtown Green Lake. Only 10 minutes to the U District and downtown. Bus stops are located iTwo available guest bedrooms in nice Craftsman home. Shared kitchen and bath with homeowners. 2 blocks from the lake, centrally-located walkable neighborhood, coffee shop and restaurants on the same block. Close to UW and one bus to downtown. This 100 year old Craftsman home is spacious and comfortable. You can also enjoy our garden and big front porch. Family friendly environment. You have two choices of guest rooms- the upstairs room with a queen-size bed or downstairs room with pull-out couch that becomes a full-size bed. We've had custom quality foam cut to fit and improve the comfort of the pull-out. The upstairs room is across from our master bedroom. The downstairs room is on the same floor as the bathroom. Your choice, or if there are more than 2 people, you could book both ($55/nt additional if both rooms are used). Please note that we do only have one bathroom so we hope you are comfortable with sharing. We'll be available in person or by phone during your stay. Happy to helpA  large lower level room with window in a quaint house in the Green Lake District of Seattle.  Near major bus lines and walking distance to grocery stores.  Just 7 minutes by bus to downtown.  Your own bathroom and kitchenette.  Beautiful backyard. You will have the whole lower level of our house for your use.  You are also welcome to use our onsite laundry and detergent, with one load of laundry a week included free of charge.   Free wi-fi.  Your own small television with access to netflix as well as our small selection of DVDs and books. The space is perfect for one person, couples, and couples with children.  The room is large enough that if you have four people and an air mattress, two can sleep on the full size bed and there is still room for an air mattress.  You will need to let us know ahead of time if you would like to use the air mattress or have more than two people coming to stay so we can setup.  The room is also large enough to setup a portable crib (you will need to briOne bedroom in beautiful green lake. Just 2 miles from UW Campus, 2 blocks from green lake park and tons of café's! Just steps from several bus lines.  King Sized bed, lots of closet space, free wifi.Take a seat on one of two private balconies at this 1-bed, 1-bath vacation rental, and enjoy a peek-a-book view of Seattle's beautiful Green Lake! Take a seat on one of two private balconies at this 1-bed, 1-bath vacation rental, and enjoy a peek-a-book view of Seattle's beautiful Green Lake—both the neighborhood AND the body of water for which it's named! Even better, add something delicious from the gas grill—best enjoyed on the deck's 4-person dining table. Or get even closer to the lakeshore with a short stroll down to Green Lake Park—just one block away. From there, you can take advantage of walking and biking trails (great for joggers!) kayaks and paddleboard rentals, and more. With a charming, active, neighborhood feel, Green Lake is great for getting to know residential Seattle. But when you want to check out Downtown Seattle, 10 minutes in the car gets you there! INSIDE THE APARTMENT Inside, you'll find a unique and efficient layout with a full kitchen and a cozy bedroom with Green Lake Guest Suite is a two-bedroom apartment in a daylight basement with two queen beds, futon, private bath with shower, private entry, kitchen, shared patio and shared laundry. Owners live on-site. The apartment is perfect for 2 to 6 people that want a residential retreat in a vital Seattle neighborhood with the option to prepare all your meals in house. Amenities include Wifi internet, TV, Netflix streaming, heating, air conditioning, hair dryer, linens, coffee and tea. It is the lower level of a house with owners living in the separate main floor unit. New to Airbnb? Sign up here ~ http://www.airbnb.com/tell-a-friend?airef=d143z503cbzz5 Rates: To see the rate for your stay, enter your dates and number of guests (including children, infants) to the right. Monthly rentals are only offered in the off-season (Oct, Jan, Feb, Mar). The apartment is accessed by a keyless lock. You will be assigned a four-digit code. Laundry, BBQ and patio are shared space with the owners. Our apartmeModern, view apartment just steps from Green Lake!  Newly constructed 900 square foot above-ground, full-floor basement suite with private entrance. Cook's kitchen, patio with unobstructed lake view, laundry. Short walk to restaurants, buses, & more! This 2 bedroom, 1 bath apartment will give you the experience of living in Seattle.  Located right across the street from Green Lake Park, you can jog the 2.8 mile inner loop, walk to great restaurants or catch public transportation (bus #16 or #26) to downtown.  Very family-friendly apartment -- please read our reviews! The apartment is well equipped for cooking if you feel like taking in the view from the front porch.   It's also set up well for kids.  The front bedroom was designed for them with toys, books and a low queen size futon style bed.  The rear bedroom was set up with relaxation in mind and also has a queen size bed. Basic supplies (salt, pepper, coffee and filter, tea, laundry detergent and dryer sheets) come with your stay. This is a well furnished, clean & cozy apartment . It is a 2 bedroom with a shared bathroom. The guest room has a soft queen size bed. The apartment is 1 min walking distance from the lake as well as shops, whole foods/PCC and great restaurants. This apartment is on the top floor and makes for a warm and quite space. There is a balcony that has a fun attachable two man hammock that can be used on a good stargazing night or on a sunny day with a good book. Lots of natural light comes into the apartment giving it a bright and cheerful atmosphere, I hope you find it enjoyable. Feel free to put groceries in the fridge and use any cooking utensils that may be helpful when it comes to creating tasty meals. There is an onsite washer and dryer, each machine takes $1.50 in quarters. Thats a total of $3.00 in quarters per load, however there is a wooden drying rack in the apartments hallway closet, feel free to use it. If you are traveling in a vehicle you will find free street parking within thCharacter abounds at this 2BR, 1BA vacation rental apartment in Seattle's Green Lake neighborhood, just one block from the lakeshore and 10 minutes from downtown. Sit on the deck and enjoy peek-a-boo views of Green Lake! Character abounds at this 2BR, 1BA vacation rental apartment in Seattle's Green Lake neighborhood, just one block from the lakeshore and 10 minutes from downtown.  Sit on the deck with food from the gas grill and enjoy peek-a-boo views of Green Lake!  When you want to make your way downtown, it's just a 10-minute drive right into the heart of Seattle, its waterfront, and the iconic Pike Place Market. Or take public transportation and be there in about 30 minutes, with a bus station just a one-minute walk away.  And Woodland Park Zoo is just a 15-minute walk from the front door. INSIDE THE RENTAL This apartment is the bottom floor of a two-apartment house. Hardwood floors, crown molding, and a classic, cozy feel make this a place you'll be happy to come home to.  The liOur 1914 craftsman bungalow in Green Lake is the perfect spot to use as your base for exploring all Seattle has to offer.  Walking distance to Green Lake and Ravenna's restaurant scene , and 500 feet to a bus to downtown - it's a perfect spot! We purchased our 1914 bungalow about five years ago, gutted it, and restored it to the pristine state it's in today.  Hardwood floors throughout, two bedrooms, and a living room equipped with its original working fireplace.  The sleeping spaces are one king size bed (sleeps 2), one full size bed (sleeps 2), and an extra long couch that can sleep one.   We also just finished landscaping our backyard with a brand new deck, terraced garden, and patio.  Feel free to use our charcoal grill for a bbq out back if the weather's nice.  Or if it's chilly, you can always use our brand new heat lamp. The kitchen is a great open space with new stainless appliances and lots of counterspace if you like to cook.  Feel free to pick some vegetables from our organiEnjoy a stay in 2015 modern green home with all the comforts! Near popular Green Lake park - recreation activities abound, relax, or devour food. Neighborhood has a walking score of 83 with many nearby restaurants, bars, fitness, and grocery stores. You have your own private bedroom and bathroom located in a modern green home built just in 2015!  There is a spacious walk-in closet to store luggage and clothes. Guest has access to all parts of the house except 2nd floor (master bedroom, office, and spare bedroom).  Mi casa tu casa! We will respect your privacy if you are inclined to it, but wouldn't mind making a meal together and sharing a bottle of wine.   I've lived in the great Pacific Northwest for 30+ years so I have intimate knowledge of Seattle/Portland/Vancouver BC area.  Happy and willing to share my knowledge of these cities and surrounding areas.  I'm an avid outdoor person - hiking, winter and summer sports, backpacking, yoga, and cycling.  I got my green thumb from my mom This private bedroom in Seattle is located with easy access to downtown Seattle and all other rad neighborhoods by car and public transportation.  The room comfortably fits two and is just two blocks away from the gorgeous Greenlake Park in Seattle!  This private room is in a cozy 2BR apartment two blocks from Green Lake.  Green Lake Park houses a gorgeous lake, perfect for strolling during sunsets or an early morning jog.  Aside from Green Lake, our apartment is conveniently located about 5 miles away from popular tourist attractions in downtown, and even closer to hip districts like Capitol Hill, Ballard and Fremont.  We live very close to I-5, so it is convenient to get onto the freeway to go to farther areas in Washington (e.g. Rainier National Park, North Cascades, North Bend, etc).  It is also an easy 20 minute bus ride to Downtown and 10 minute bus ride to University of Washington Seattle. The room includes a full-sized bed and full closet space. You are also more than welcome tRelax in our newly renovated home just one block away from Green Lake.  This 1,070 sq. ft. house has a large master bedroom, a spacious living room full of natural light from massive windows, and a beautiful fully equipped kitchen. The entire home was renovated in 2013 and also includes beautiful flooring throughout, a gas fireplace in the living room, an updated bathroom, a den that can function as a small office, and a back deck complete with outdoor seating and a large shade umbrella.  The house itself is set up and back from the road, with fencing and lush bushes and trees providing privacy. The master bedroom has a king sized bed that is less than a year old, quality bedding, and a 42" HD TV with Apple TV. There is plenty to entertain yourself at home with free high speed wireless internet, cable, free access to Hulu, a 55" HD TV in the living room, and wide selection of board games. You can enjoy full use of the house.  Cook meals in the kitchen, read a book in the sun on the bac★ DETAILS  Top of a well lit spacious Greenlake home. Perfect weekend getaway or family vacation. Fully furnished and includes high-speed wireless internet, TV, full kitchen, bath & great large enclosed backyard.  Located 6 blocks from greenlake one of the best parks in Seattle. A 5 Minute drive to downtown and close to major freeway and interstates.  Many families in the neighborhood, great walking area and close to wonderful food and shops.  2 blocks from the Bus stop that runs right downtown and many others great amenities!   ★ PEOPLE  We have 2 queen-sized beds for 4 people. No more than 4 adults please. ★ INCLUDES  - 2 bedrooms  - Living room  - Full kitchen  - Private bathroom  - 2 queen sized beds  - Wireless internet  - Flatscreen TV with cable in Bedroom - Stackable washing & dryer - Gated frontyard - Shared Private backyard - Close to cool coffee shops, neighborhood bars & great restaurants ★ RESTAURANTS  Check out local spots in the Guidebook section of this listing! ★ SECURIncredible Location! One block from the lake. Walk to coffee shops, grocery stores, restaurants etc. or hit the path at Greenlake for a morning bike or jog. Just 5-7 minutes to downtown Seattle. Easy access to freeways and half block from busline. Guests have access to the entire townhome. Including the attached garage for parking. Should you have any questions throughout your stay, I will be available to answer any questions that you may have. The unit has a one car garage attached and on street parking.Beautifully remodeled house nestled amongst white birch trees with cozy interior space and fun, private outdoor spaces that include a covered firepit, trampoline and hot tub. Perfect for a family of 5.  Location is awesome--within walking distance to lake and easy highway access. The house has ample foliage so it stays cool in the Summer and feels very private in the Winter. It has two separate living rooms, and a second bedroom that is on opposite end of the Master bedroom, so guests can have privacy. There is a Nana Wall in second living area which opens on to a large deck, where there is a BBQ and propane fire pit.  The backyard has a covered trampoline, a hot tub and a wood burning fire pit.  A Sonos music system with 3 speakers set throughout the house allows you to play your favorite music from your Pandora account. The Main bedroom has a Queen size bed and en-suite bath with shower. The second bedroom, is our 4 year old daughters, and so is a twin size iron frame, princess bed. Great location, walkable to everything! Beautiful three bedrooms, newly remodeled. Comfortably fits up to six to seven guests (two queen beds plus twin-full bunk beds. Just a few blocks to the lake and foodies! Best of Green Lake has to offer! Welcome to Latona Place!  Brand new! Beautiful newly furnished modern three-bedroom home is about a 10 minutes walk to Green Lake. This large 1,800 square feet, mid-century home has been completely remodeled with all modern touches including a tankless hot water heater. The single-level duplex home has an open, spacious floor plan featuring three bedrooms, a large full-size bathroom, and a brand new kitchen. The home also features a large brick patio with outdoor table for eight. Beautifully decorated with comfortable Italian leather furnishings, writing desk and 50-inch wi-fi flat screen entertainment system with Netflix and Pandora. It also boats an incredibly well-stocked gourmet kitchen with professional gas cooktop and oven, granite countertStorybook Tudor is the main floor unit of a house with two bedrooms, Queen bed, Full bed, full bath with shower/soaking tub and twin sinks, a fully equipped kitchen, and updated furnishings. This home is perfect for 2-4 adults that want a residential retreat in a vital Seattle neighborhood with the option to prepare all your meals in house. Amenities include Wifi internet, TV, Netflix streaming, gas BBQ, heating, air conditioning, hair dryer, coffee and tea. Guests can access shared laundry, gas BBQ and shared patio space. We will be offering this unit periodically when we are on vacation. If you have stayed with us in the past, please contact us to tell us your Seattle plans, and we will do our best to accommodate you. Green Lake is the Seattle's hub for recreation. Circling the lake is a walking/running/wheels trail 2.8 miles round trip. The park offers tennis and basketball courts, baseball and soccer fields, golf course, public swimming beaches, boat/kayak/paddle board rentals, andWELCOME to Bagley Place! Besides the amazing location of having Green Lake as your own backyard, the home is large and spacious with over 4,000 square feet (3-levels, up to 6 bedrms 3 baths, great game-room, billiards hall). Sleeps 8 to 14+. Enjoy! ONLY ONE BLOCK TO LAKE!  PLUS GAME ROOM & BAR! BRAND NEW BILLIARD HALL! WELCOME to Bagley Place! You know you've arrived the moment you step out and catch a glimpse of Green Lake from its entrance. This one-of-a-kind spacious Cape Cod-style house built in 1940 with a massive 4,000+ sq ft gorgeous living space, has been lovingly remodeled with all modern comforts and conveniences including heated bathroom floor, built-in speakers and high-end stainless Viking appliances, rec-area and billiard hall. Nestled in Seattle's highly desirable Green Lake residential neighborhood, you are less than a block away from lakeside fun and activities. Perfect setting for weddings, reunions, and family getaways. Fantastic walking score of 96 out of 100! RELAX107 year-old, lovingly restored, Victorian Craftsman only 1.5 blocks from beautiful Green Lake Park.  Sleeps 6- 9 people in approximately 2,000 sq. feet, including a private, detached studio. Sleeps 6-9+. Three bedrooms: master with king bed, second bedroom with two twins, and third bedroom with a bunk bed. Plus the detached studio can act as a private bedroom with its sectional couch that folds out into full-size sleeper. Sunroom also has a full-size futon.   Fully furnished and outfitted with all of the amenities that a family needs: Washer/dryer, grill, 50" Flatscreen TV, Netflix, Xbox / DVD, wifi, towels & linens, and a spacious kitchen.  Fenced yard, and pets are well-behaved pets are welcome. Guests will have access to the entire house and yard, plus the private backyard studio. The home is in a great area for walking - only 1.5 blocks from the popular Green Lake Park, a 2.8 mile loop around the city's beloved freshwater lake. Walkers, joggers, bikers, and boaters all come togethStay in a historic 1916 Craftsman in the famous Green Lake neighborhood of Seattle. This unique one bedroom unit is a garden apartment, with plenty of windows that allow for lots of daylight even when it is raining. It is a warm home away from home. The house is located within blocks of the North Green Lake hub of businesses, restaurants and cafes. And only a few walkable blocks from the Lake, one of Seattle's public libraries and the Seattle bathhouse theater. WA state UBI #(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) Note: Any stays shorter than 30 days will be charged tax (tax is already included in charge). There is always something blooming on the property. Early spring finds daffodils and crocuses exploding with color. Later in the spring enjoy the pink blooms of the two Japanese cherry trees in the front of the house. In late spring/early summer enjoy the blooming rhododendrons that surround the property. If you are lucky you may catch the beautiful scent of either the white Rosa Robusta or the AsiatiAre you looking to stay somewhere that is not stupid expensive, next to a lake, close to major bus stops, and close enough to grab drinks with your friends/family? This might be the place for you. 620 sq ft studio can be yours if the price is right! The space is a 600+ sq foot studio. It includes a washer/dryer, refrigerator, full set of plates, silverware, glassware, cookware, stove/microwave. Guest access is primarily through the front entrance, but there are also random entrances around the building that use stair access. I am definitely available to talk or ask questions throughout the day.Artistic Seattle Family Home. Beautiful craftsman home located in popular Green Lake complete with trampoline, swing set, large deck, FX workout. Three blocks from the lake, boat rentals, running trials & tennis. We love the location and spaces in our house with lots of artwork, natural light and big open family spaces. We are all about entertaining and connecting in our big kitchen on the deck or in the family piano and media room. Located in the top neighborhood of Green Lake, five minutes by car to downtown, near bus stops and biking trails. Green Lake is one of the most popular neighborhoods in Seattle for its proximity to the city, Woodland Park Zoo, restaurants, Whole Foods and coffee shops. Our favorite Thai food is located down the street along with the famous Mighty O Vegan Donuts (best chocolate frosted donut in the world). The house is designed for families of all ages equipped with trampoline, FX elliptical trainer, outdoor ping-pong and large  family style kitchen.Great location in the Greenlake neighborhood -  few blocks from Starbucks, and other coffee shops/restaurants. Gourmet kitchen with marble counter tops and open living/dining room.  Enjoy your time at the lake! 2-story craftsman style home 1 block away from Greenlake.  Includes 3 bedrooms, 1.5 baths, dinning room, living room and a full kitchen. Laundry is also available on main floor.   Main floor includes 1 bedroom with a queen-sized bed and 1 full bathroom.  Upstairs includes one bedroom with half bath and a bonus room/den both with full-sized beds.  There is also a patio with a gas grill in the back of the house. Rental cars are also available on site for added convenience as well as airport pick up/drop off for additional cost and based on availability. There is a lockbox with the key in it located to the bottom left of the front door.  Key code will be provided on the day of arrival.   Guests will have access to FREE wi-fi and in-room cable tv (code will be in the house manual). Great place to be. Only 1 min. walk from Green Lake. Two bus lines to downtown. A lot of coffee places and good food in easy walking distance.  The bed (full) is big enough for a couple.  Private room but the bathroom is shared. Charming old house in great neighborhood. Welcome to use kitchen. We are available to help you get settled in the house and neighborhood. The Green Lake area is a quiet area, with a lot of possibilities around. Good food, coffee places, run or walk around the lake. We have two bus lines here. Both are going to downtown and one goes back to Green Lake the other up to North Gate. Easy to be here without car. We both are life coach's, you can find more information on our website: nextculture-us Ich komme aus Deutschland und freue mich natürlich über deutsche Gäste.Well furnished, super location at Green Lake! A buzzing neighborhood of shops, restaurants and lakeside activities—all within minutes walk!!! Plus, easy access to Downtown, Seattle Center, zoo and University of Washington. Welcome to Green Lake Place! Experience exciting Northwest living without breaking your budget! Enjoy the popular Green Lake as your backyard, an easy stroll to all the fun from your front door. Relax with a walk or jog around the flat 2.8 mile paved trails around the lake, ride a bicycle, play tennis or golf, treat yourself to a massage, go for a swim (lake or indoor pool), sail or kayak, enjoy a play at the Bathhouse Theater. Or recharge at restaurants and pubs featuring local and ethnic foods and microbreweries. All within 10-15 minutes leisurely walk from your front door!  Otherwise, just hop in your car for a few minutes ride to more fun and shops at Northgate Mall and Thornton Creek Imax Cinemas. You can also zip easily into Downtown Seattle, University of WashI love the Green Lake neighborhood and have lived here in this 1924 craftsman house for 24 years. Stay with me and experience a relaxed atmosphere and amazing convenience.  This is a very open, green and entertaining area of Seattle.  My house is 1 block from the most-visited park in Seattle and a short walk from Woodland Park and Zoo. Tangletown is a few blocks uphill with offerings of Zoka Coffee, 2 brewpubs, 1 bar ( pool and burgers)  a fine dining restaurant, a dessert shop and also...vegan doughnuts! The University, Fremont,  Wallingford and Green Lake business districts are nearby, with many more restaurants, coffee shops and shopping to enjoy. The Fremont troll guards the Aurora bridge nearby.  I have easy access to downtown via I-5, Rt 99 and buses, and may be able to lend you a bicycle if you'd like. Sleep in your quiet main floor bedroom, and enjoy the well-lit living and dining areas and basic but functional kitchen. There is also a finished basement room with a quality pullBeautiful brick tudor home one block from Green Lake just minutes north of downtown Seattle, the Space Needle, Lake Union, and Lake Washington.  Green Lake is a recreation focused glacial lake (not man-made) with paddle board rentals, sailboats, paddle boats, and kayaks.  There is also a 3.2 mile paved path around the lake for rollerblading, running, walking, or cycling.  Enjoy the last days of this unusually warm summer in the best part of Seattle!Cozy, clean two bedroom suite with full kitchen and 1.5 baths on lower level of delightful 1920s cottage. A safe, beautiful, convenient neighborhood with a walkscore of 90!  Private entrance, easy parking - a "homey" feel away from home. Private entrance to your own lower apartment (the "garden" level) of our house.  Living room and kitchen combo, a full bathroom (and bonus half bath!), snug dark bedrooms, each with an enhanced full futon mattress and multiple bedding options.  Easy street parking on quiet street. Washer and dryer, kid and baby friendly items upon request, cookware, back deck and yard for lounging, Apple TV (Netflix, over 50 movies, some ad-free cable and basic channels, option to log-in with your own cable or iTunes account for additional viewing), Our family of four, including children ages 8 and 3, lives on the top floor and both adults often work from home. As an experienced host, I take my cues from my guests.  I tend to be friendly and responsive (happy to offer Beautiful charming 1912 home in Seattle, 1 1/2 blocks from Green Lake park. One small room upstairs (gabled roof with skylight): Full/double mattress on futon frame (NOTE: picture has not been updated yet - it's now a BED, not a futon); curtained windows overlooking the landscaped backyard plus skylight that brings in great natural light; TV/DVD with videos galore to watch at your leisure; Nintendo 64 with games for playing. Share semi-private first-floor bathroom with other guests (if any) (owner uses separate toilet and sink, but shares shower with guests). Kitchen facilities available, also hot tub in backyard oasis with hammock and heritage-status English Walnut tree. Close to the #16 and #48 buses (bus stop one block away). Conveniently located near I-5 and near the Aurora Highway (Route 99). 1 1/2 blocks from the north end of Green Lake, with BluWater, Zeek's Pizza, Urban Bakery, Cioccholati Coffee, Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream, and Duke's Chowderhouse. Green Lake is a state park withLocated directly on Green Lake, this beautiful house is only 3 miles from downtown and walking distance to nice restaurants and bars on the lake! Renting out my full downstairs with full bathroom and hot tub& double kayak access. There is a bar with a running sink. Conveniently located on Green Lake. Close to restaurants, bars, and Green Lake park. Located only three miles from downtown. Unique side of house entrance, no need to enter through the house! Private room access on the left of the house, to the left of the hot tub. Shampoo and conditioner. I will not be present at the house, my roommates will be upstairs. It's a cozy, family friendly community. Close to the artsy towns of Fremont and Ballard! Seattle has uber access, it costs maybe $10 to get downtown. There is yellow cab and bus lines very close! There is street parking behind the house on Woodlawn ave and in front of house on Green Lake Way. There is a specific key for the side door. The key will be located under a mat in This wonderfully bright upstairs room (two windows plus a skylight) is a delight. It's the most private room in the house, with a gabled ceiling and cubby holes for storage and a separate walk-in closet. Beautiful charming 1912 home in Seattle, 1 1/2 blocks from Green Lake park. Share semi-private new bathroom with other guests (if any) (owner uses separate toilet and sink, but shares shower with guests). Kitchen facilities available, also hot tub in backyard oasis with hammock and heritage-status English Walnut tree. Close to the #16 and #48 buses (bus stop one block away). Conveniently located near I-5 and near the Aurora Highway (Route 99). 1 1/2 blocks from the north end of Green Lake, with BluWater, Zeek's Pizza, Urban Bakery, Cioccholati Coffee, Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream, and Duke's Chowderhouse. Green Lake is a state park with a 2.8 mile inner track circling the lake and green grass for playing and running and a kiddie pool in summer right across the street! *** Exit #172 off the Spacious and contemporary layout in a day-lighted garden apartment. Private entrance and off-street parking. All new premium bedding and furnishings. Very clean and beautifully appointed. One minute from express bus line, five minutes from Green Lake An excellent base for exploring Seattle and Green Lake---one of the city's great close-in neighborhoods. Our contemporary, private apartment is perfect for up to three adults and can accommodate a family of four (with two small children). Comfortable and spacious with charming details throughout: we would love to host you! Featuring: All new premium mattress with hypoallergenic bedding with cotton linens.  Fully equipped kitchen and dining set up for your home-cooked meals. Fresh roasted whole-bean coffee from Fremont's Longshoreman's Daughter (and a selection of teas) is provided.  Quality furnishings and original artwork throughout.  The apartment includes an adjacent outdoor patio space, with access to ornamental and edible gardens. CloEnjoy waking up to a gorgeous view of Green Lake.  This light filled 900 sqft studio is the main floor of a refinished 1909 Craftsman.  It features a large view deck, hardwoods, bay window and is close to shops, restaurants and 5 mins to downtown. Green Lake is surrounded by residences with a couple of commercial areas.  Their are very few nightly rentals around this part of Seattle. I live in the basement apartment and am often around working on small projects evenings and weekends.  There is a long term renter on the top floor. Green Lake is one of the most visited city parks in the US.  2.8 mile inside track (3.2 outside track).  Great coffee, shopping and restaurants surround the lake.  Easy bus, drive to downtown, University of Washington and surrounding areas. Bus to downtown is 1 block away (about a 15 min ride).  Zip cars located 3-4 blocks away.  Biking lanes around the lake and to surrounding neighborhoods.Located directly on Green Lake, this beautiful house is only 3 miles from downtown and walking distance to nice restaurants and bars on the lake! Renting out my full downstairs, two beds, with full bathroom and hot tub& double kayak access. There is a bar with a running sink. Private room access on the left of the house, to the left of the hot tub. Shampoo and conditioner. I will not be present at the house, my roommates will be upstairs.This classic home is centrally located and 2 blocks from Greenlake. Easy access to public transportation, UW and downtown. Super walkable neighborhood- a coffee shop, great restaurants and an antique store are just steps from the big front porch. This 100 year old Craftsman home is spacious and comfortable. You can also enjoy our garden and big front porch. Family friendly environment. Sleeping arrangements: Upstairs is the master bedroom and guest bedroom, both with queen beds. Master has room for a crib or pack-n-play. We could also set up a small mattress on the master bedroom floor if you'd like a child to sleep in the same room. Downstairs is the bathroom and study with pull-out couch that turns into a full-sized bed. (Please do note that there is only one bathroom. We hope to add one on someday, but for now you'll need to be prepared to share). :) The whole house is yours with the only exceptions of the storage shed and basement. If we're in town we'd be happy to meet you to get Half a block from Green Lake Park, this bright, charming, comfortable basement studio has its own private entrance and bathroom. Walking distance to restaurants, bars, shops & outdoor activities in the vibrant, popular Green Lake neighborhood.  Welcome to Green Lake, a neighborhood with the perfect mix of city and 'suburban' life. Run, swim, paddle, walk or just relax. Please read the ENTIRE description, to make sure we're the right fit. :)  This bright, charming basement studio is entirely yours, with a separate (keyless code) entrance and private bathroom. Enjoy the comfy queen-sized bed, small futon couch, HD TV (with extended digital channels including Smithsonian Channel, National Geographic, HBO and Starz), free Wi-Fi, a VCR/DVD, and a small bathroom with a shower. The room also has a mini-fridge, microwave and bar table with two stools, as well as a bench and coat rack, dresser and walk-in closet. Heating is controlled entirely by you; air conditioning just isn't needed, as you'New modern construction, in basement suite of 1926 craftsman. Half block from greenlake and near Tangletown. Approximately 800 square feet and lots of natural light, private entrance, and peek a boo view of lake.Green Lake Getaway is perched on a corner lot close to numerous amenities and activities in the Green Lake neighborhood and beyond. Fabulous bars, restaurants, Green Lake Park, zoo, are within walking distance. The home was tastefully remodeled into a beautiful modern open floor-plan while keeping irreplaceable historic details. The home was just tastefully remodeled into a beautiful modern open floor-plan while keeping irreplaceable historic details. Guests will have access to all the home's beautiful features. Limited interaction unless a guest would like or require more assistance. Green Lake is a fabulous neighborhood near it all. The University of Washington, Woodland Park Zoo, restaurants, parks, golf, tennis courts, bars, and shopping are all within walking distance. Bus system stops on the corner across the street from Green Lake Getaway and numerous activities are walking distance.This charming home is located 10 minutes North of downtown, right in the heart of Seattle's active/hip neighborhood of Greenlake. A large park, lake, grocery store, pubs, cafes, coffee shops, and shopping are all within less than 2 blocks! Our location in Greenlake is truly unique. It's one of the only locations in all of Seattle where you can literally walk less than 2 blocks to almost anything. It also has great, close freeway access. We are a very short 10 minute drive to the main downtown core, so you can easily visit the Pike Place market, Space Needle, or flagship REI store. If you don't have a car, it's a very easy bus ride. And, the bus stop is less than a block away from our front door! We have 1 guestroom with a queen bed that comfortably sleeps 2. We also have an air mattress if needed. Our kitchen is fully equipped with all the pots, pans, and appliances you could possibly need. We also have enough on-site parking (included) for several vehicles. Guests have access to everyA comfortable, well-lit, one bedroom basement apartment. A two block residential stroll to fabulous Green Lake, restaurants, pubs, shops, grocery. And coffee. A stone's throw to major bus routes to UW campus, Capital Hill, Seattle Center, downtown.  Most comfortably fits two, but queen size futon couch (there are extra sheets and pillows) makes up to four an option. A cozy option, for sure, but an option nevertheless. The entrance to the apartment, and the apartment itself, is separate from our space upstairs and separately keyed, so our guests have full access to and control of the space. The washer/dryer space is shared, but guests have 24/7 access. The small side yard is open to guests, and when weather permits, includes a small table with chairs and access to a BBQ. We're always happy to meet our guests, and have met some super nice and interesting people along the way. But because the apartment is separate from our place, and schedules are what they are, it's not unusual for us toJust steps from Greenlake! Leave the car parked and enjoy walking to the lake, PCC market, bars, and restaurants. Easy access to I-5, minutes away from downtown.  Dog-friendly with a fenced patio space to enjoy and free off-street parking.A charming stucco house located right opposite Greenlake, Seattle Washington, one of the most popular neighborhoods in Seattle.  I often tell people I live at a resort -- biking, swimming, roller blading, boating -- right outside the front door. A charming stucco house located right opposite Greenlake, Seattle Washington, one of the most popular neighborhoods in Seattle. It is 10 minutes from downtown by car .  Also a short walk to a bus to downtown.  Walking distance to coffee shops and restaurants.  Use the lake like a resort where you can walk, bike, jog and swim/boat, paddle board in the summer.   The accommodations are a very clean, private suite in the basement of a two story house. This Includes a bedroom with queen size bed and large closet, a private bathroom with shower (plush bath and hand towels and face cloth provided) , and living area with a pull out couch that sleeps 2 on a queen size bed (we all know this is not the most comfortable sleeping arrangement). It's great foLarge modern 3BR/2.5BA home, 2 blocks from Greenlake Park - running trail & playgrounds & shops. Sleeps 6 (7 w/ the couch). Roof garden, bus direct to downtown, restaurants & bars & breweries walking distance. Our 3BR/2.5BA two-story home is modern, newly built and absolutely filled with sunlight - the 2275 sq ft floor plan is open, so the living room, dining room and kitchen all share one large area making for a warm community feeling. There are two queen beds, one king bed, and a third blow up queen size mattress if needed. We have a simple, rustic style in our home, with  wooden furniture, hard wood floors and artwork created by friends. You will have full access to the home with exception of the garage and master bedroom closet. The rooftop gardens also have a seating area with patio furniture, which is great for relaxing in the fresh air. Please come share our spacious and peaceful home!  This is the friendliest area in Seattle. Greenlake Park, just 2 blocks away, is absolutely beMy condo is located in the center of Seattle. Walking distance from Lake Union and many Seattle attractions. My style is modern and elegant yet warm and cozy. I have 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms in my home. I'm offering one of the bedrooms and bathrooms. I also have a massive private deck to enjoy for bbq, sipping the great PNW wines, or to just admire the great views of the city.   If I'm at home, I'd be happy to drive and drop off to a certain area. Zip cars are accessible. I also have a couple bikes to explore the city (beware of hills). My place is also seconds away by foot to most of the major bus lines that cross the city. Parking is available for one vehicle. I'm rarely around and frequently travel. I can also offer my entire place if I am not home. Dogs allowed. No cats or other animals please. Breakfast included for the guests staying less than one week.  Lux leather Couch is also available for less the cost - Contact me for details. Also, my couch is very comfortable, I often sOur cool and cozy one bedroom apartment is a great base for a Seattle visit. It has a walkscore of 92. Seattle Center is only a 15 minute walk, downtown is a 20 minute walk, South Lake Union is less than 5 minutes. Landscaped rooftop.  Rooftop, gymI am going out of country for 3 weeks. I want to rent out for that duration. Bedroom - 13 * 10 - Half occupied by my music studio stuff. Bathroom-13 * 9 Hall - 19 * 17-Empty but couch Lookup Walkscore for 912-dexter-ave-n-seattle-wa-98109 This is Situated at Neptune Apartments , a high-class residential community. There is Gym, Conference room, Printers, Computer access and Billiards. There is also big open space with fountains. Building is secured. (URL HIDDEN) (URL HIDDEN)Two BR, 2 bath condo with a view of South Lake Union from our balcony. Offers sweeping views of the lake and a waterfront-to-skyline view from a rooftop deck that has its own hot tub and deck. Modern kitchen features with w/d in unit. 1000 sq ft home. Waterfront view from the living room balcony. Skyline view from the roof top deck which includes a hot tub. Entire home. Rooftop deck and hot tub. Getting downtown: -bus stop on the corner  -$5-10 taxi ride -15-20 minute walk -bicycles for rent down the streetPrivate - Queen bed with mattress Fan Study table/chair Closet Attached Bathroom with shower area Shared -  Kitchen Washer/Dryer Common Area with Couch, TV - 5 mins walk to Lake union park - 5 mins drive to Downtown, Space NeedleSee space details below. Our condo has gone through updates based on past guest experiences.  Similar to my other listing..but this one is for my entire place.  Amazing location in a comfortable and classy home.  2 bedrooms and 2 baths.. Couch can be used for the 5th person. The couch is so comfortable that other guests prefer to sleep on the couch than my other two beds. Main bedroom has a queen with a top of the line mattress - better than Temperpedic. 2nd bedroom has a very comfy full size mattress that can fit two. No large and loud parties can be hosted in my condo.  More information about the space can be found in my other listing. Smoking allowed ONLY on the deck and NOT inside the home.  Just my unit. Proximity to all neighborhoods in Seattle. It's central and near the main highways. I like the walking distance to Lake Union Yes.. bus lines in front and behind my condo buildingIf you're looking for the best location in Seattle, you're in for a treat! I'm lucky to have the outermost slip in the heart of Seattle. If you're looking for the best location in Seattle, you're in for a treat!  My boyfriend and I are lucky ducks to have the outermost slip in the heart of Seattle. My boyfriend and I have 2 kayaks you can use, steps away from a major bus live, 15 min walk to Downtown, etc Spectacular views of Lake Union, Gas Works Park, City, Mtns from stylish & sophisticated 1 Bed, den/office corner unit. Light & bright open floorplan features lg kit w/ stnlss stl apps, cherry cabinetry opening to LR w/ gas frpl & lg windows w/ viewsLillie is a charming and delightful houseboat located on Lake Union.  She is moored on South Lake Union with lovely views of the activity of Lake Union and the Seattle city scape. Lillie has a cool feel and is great for someone who wants a genuine, interesting houseboat experience yet still all the comforts of home.  She has a junk style design, which is a common in Asia, a great roof for sitting on, and hobbity archways inside that really create the space. The interior and exterior has just been repainted, stained, and refinished.  I just bought the boat and having been spending the last weeks giving her new life.  She looks great.   Amenities: great light, privacy, fully functioning new kitchen - stove, refrigerator/freezer, cozy heating,  1 queen size bed, 1 six foot sleeping nook, romantic old world crawl in bed space, shower, toilet, breakfast nook outside, deck seating and lounge space.   Lillie has a cool Japanese style shower bath which means you step into and sit in and the shUnique studio with everything you need! Nook style bed, so there is a full living room. The patio is excellent for bbq's and boasts a wonderful view of Lake Union and the Seattle skyline. 10 min walk to Seattle Center and 10 min bus ride downtown.70' yacht available for your business or vacation stay, 4 staterooms , each with head and shower. 1800 sq. feet of space, with  an outstanding view of the city. Great location that is close to all points of interest. Cruise of the area also available 1800 sq. feet of space, with 4 staterooms, all with at least showers and toilets, large salon with Cable TV, Big Screen, WiFi, large music library , and  ????? Moored for the duration of your stay, but available for a cruise of local waters ,or a trip thru the locks to Lake Washington, for a added fee. Captain will be available for any questions or to fix any problems, just a call or text away.   Only when needed Waterfront, by Pike Place Market  , and the Seattle Wheel ,at a security Marina, with 24 hour security on duty Car, Uber is easy, taxi, bus line on street we can customize a day cruise for you to see the sightsAs featured on HGTV's House Hunters and FYI TV's Tiny Houses (referred to as the large luxurios model).  One of the most unique properties in the city with the best views.  Great amenities throughout to include BBQ, washer/dryer, Direct TV, WiFI +++Enjoy the beautiful downtown Seattle on Lake Union. Waterfront living as you stay on our 2 Bedroom/2 bathroom 46' yacht! Ample parking. Not for charter, live-aboard only. Cable, internet -- marina onsite laundry, onsite restaurant, and Starbucks.Very spacious! 717 sq ft, with wifi, balcony overlooking the space needle, full kitchen, bedroom with queen-size bed, capacious yet cozy living room, and an owner with a professional and business-like interest in your comfort. -Balcony and sunlight -Bath/shower -Queen bed -Wifi -Laundry onsite -Coffee (french press), assorted loose teas (cast iron pot) and an electric water kettle. -Apple TV with Netflix and HBO GO (40 inch tv in living room, 32 inch in bedroom) -Guitars -A pretty cool chessboard -A desk with a banker's lamp and a comprehensive supply of pens and pencils for handling business affairs -Iron and ironing board -Kitchen, which includes all the basic cooking equipment, an excellent spice collection, and a juicer for all juicing needs provided you clean it before the pulp crusts over and turns into that stuff they use to keep the ceramic tiles on the NASA ships Interaction will be through phone, email, text, and FaceTime if you like, but I will be renting out my place when IPvt floor in beautiful townhome in Seattle, Queen Anne.  Gay Friendly, quite home with beautiful outside space,  Burt's Bee products in bathroom,  BBQ grill available, 26" tv in bedroom and 100" projector (plays dvd only) in pvt living area. I am a single, gay male, professional.  Live a quite live during the week with guests at times for dinner, bbq, etc on the weekends (Friday - Saturday nights).  I do smoke outdoors and quests are allowed the same.  Enjoy wine, music and all Housewives of any city :). Guests have access to common area (kitchen, dining room, living room with gas fireplace).  There is a washer and dryer available for use by prearranged time. Can help all guests with any questions, suggestions, etc they may have. Various bus routes to downtown.  Walking distance to Seattle CenterCome stay at our 2 bedroom apartment in the Lower Queen Anne Neighborhood of Seattle. It is fully furnished and an easy 10 minute walk to Seattle Center. Also a short walk to South Lake Union and several great places to eat. This is a great 2 bed room apartment with an open living/dining room, a galley kitchen, and a very nice patio. ~ From 9/29 - 10/15 , I am hoping for a longer term rental. If you are interested in renting the unit for the majority of these dates please contact me and we can discuss a reasonable 2 week rate. Access to everything in our 2 bedroom apartment. The kitchen is fully stalked with appliances if one wishes to do some cooking. Living room has a TV, internet, cable tv (HBO & Showtime as well) , dvd player and dvd collection. The apartment is in a fantastic location in East Queen Anne and is a very easy 10 minute walk to Seattle Center/ Space needle. Less then a mile from Kerry Park. A 15 minute walk to south lake union/Amazon. Easy access to downtown. If comingThis apartment is one of the most centrally located spots in Seattle.  Just 2 miles from the pike market and easy access to the surrounding neighborhoods-Fremont, Queen Anne, Wallingford, Ballard. A reserved parking spot is included in your stay. Beautiful view of lake union, and view of the skyline from the smaller bedroom. Access to the reserved parking spot and downstairs laundry unit. I am happy to communicate via email or text if necessary.  Feel free to contact me  if you are just looking for a suggestions on where to go, what to do and eat from a locals perspective. Dexter Avenue, part of the South Lake Union neighborhood, is a quickly developing neighborhood in Seattle fueled by the Amazon boom.  The central location of this neighborhood to downtown and other neighborhoods truly makes this a gem of a location. Bus routes 26 and 28 will get you to and away from downtown Seattle. Commuter bike lines on the street. Pronto rental bikes available a few blocks south of the apartment,Nice apartment in a quiet neighborhood. On west slope of Capitol Hill/Madison valley. Short walk to bus stop (to downtown) or to restaurants and coffee shops. Easy free parking on street  in neighborhood. You are three blocks from the bus stop.Modern first floor bedroom with private bathroom and entry. Second floor kitchen and living area, including vibrant wood floors, fireplace and TV. Half block to bus downtown, 10 minute walk to Capitol Hill and Madison valley restaurants and bars. The guest bedroom has a private entrance for guests from the patio, and is quietly tucked away on the ground floor. The room contains a queen bed and a private attached bathroom. The area I'm in has easy street parking - most of the time on the same block as the house. The kitchen, living, dining room space on the middle floor is also available for guests to cook, make coffee, and relax. Feel free to watch some Netflix on the TV or just lounge on the couch. Upstairs on the top floor landing is my washer and dryer, including detergent, that guests can also use. I'm in and out a lot, but I'm always available via messaging in the AirBnB app, so I can help out with questions about the house or the surrounding Seattle attractions and amenities. I'mWelcome to your own private two-bedroom suite just steps from fabulous restaurants, shops and the heart of the city! Your suite includes two real queen-sized beds, one bathroom, kitchenette and living room with Wii gaming system. Welcome to your own private apartment in one of the most desirable areas of Seattle. We are truly centrally located to all that Seattle has to offer.  Your cool, modern living space is the entire first floor of our two-story home, which includes a separate, private entrance and secured entry to the second floor.  Completely renovated in 2012, you'll find this modern space to have all the comforts of home nestled on a quiet street literally steps from all that Seattle has to offer.   This two-bedroom suite features two real queen-sized hotel quality beds, ample closet space, and a cozy living room with a Euro-style folding couch that can sleep one.  You'll also find a DVD player with a large selection of DVDs, Wii Gaming System, iPod docking station, and free WOlder but comfortable E Capitol Hill duplex w/ 2 levels. Lots of light throughout this SW facing building. French doors off dining room open to cozy deck.  Located in a charming neighborhood near parks, bus #s 11 & 8, bakeries, & great restaurants. This is a cute 1944 duplex townhouse with hardwood floors in the living room and dining room and Saltillo tiles in the kitchen.  Carpeting in the bedrooms in the lower level.   Layout Main Floor living room, dining room, kitchen, full bath, deck Note:  1 guest can be accommodated on a tri-fold mattress or on large sofa (linens, pillow, blanket stored in long dresser on main floor) Lower Floor queen bedroom, full bedroom, bathroom (shower), laundry  Pros:  Location, many amenities, designated dining room, lots of light on the main floor, double paned windows, low rate Cons: Bedrooms located in lower level (with large egress windows, but no doors to exterior), some older finishings in parts. More Details on the Pros.... *The kitchen is outfittFive minute drive to heart of downtown Seattle. Gas fireplace in great room, fully equipped kitchen, 3 bdrms all w/queen-sized beds, 3.5 baths, RADIANT HEAT, WiFi, expanded cable TV (HBO opt) utility room w/full-sized appliances, garden/patio.A bedroom with a queen bed and private bath in a modern townhouse. Cool restaurants and parks near by. It is located just minutes to Downtown, Capitol Hill, and Madrona. Quiet nighborhood in a central location to Downtown and University of Washington. Shared kitchen and living room.  Washer & Dryer are available upon request. Be glad to answer any questions. Close to shops and restaurants. Many parks near by. It is quiet and clean. Zip car available for hire.  Bus 8, 11, 43 goes to Downtown and University of Washington. Keep the sliding door in the bedroom locked when leaving the house.Our cozy studio looks out onto the garden and gains plenty of natural light and air. It has a warm, yet modern design with a walk in European style bathroom. Sustainably built, the garden studio is painted with no VOC paints,  has hydronic heat from our solar hot water system, has a wool carpet and was built much with recycled materials.  The apartment has new appliances, which include a gas cook top and stacked washer/dryer, free wi-fi, a separate entry, and plenty of on street parking.    Located in the Central District, we are a walk away from Capitol Hill, Madrona's shops and restaurants and close to Lake Washington.  We are 10 minutes away from downtown, the International District and Pioneer Square.  The Madrona Farmer's Market and the grocery store are just two blocks away, while Madison Market and Trader Joe's are a 15 minute walk.  We're also close to bus lines direct to the these neighborhoods and downtown (#2, #8, #48). We are a teacher, an architect, and a 6 and 2 year old.Studio apartment tucked into the backyard in a quiet neighborhood close to downtown.   Perfect base for visiting or working in nearby Capitol Hill or downtown. This is studio apartment in the Central District, a quiet neighborhood in Seattle. It's an easy shot to downtown, the International District, I-5 and I-90 from here. Perfect spot if you're working or visiting. The studio apartment is in its own building: all 4 walls are yours. There are several bus routes that run close by heading into downtown, Capitol Hill and other areas.Brand new everything! TOTAL renovation in November 2015: *Flooring *Counters *Cabinets *Paint *Decor *Appliances *Furniture Sleeps up to 6 (king room, queen room, queen sleeper sofa) Washer/dryer and garage parking are nice bonuses ***Note: The photos and reviews shown here are all pre-renovation!*** Thomas Lodge "Boston" is fresh off of a complete overhaul.  It is located on the lower floor of a small building with just 4 homes. You enter into the building and into your home with your own chosen code that will be programmed into the electronic locks... no cumbersome organizing for a key exchange!  No concerns about arriving and departing at odd hours. The condo opens to the kitchen and living area.  The open concept living area/kitchen features a dining table for 4 (expands to accommodate more), wall-mounted television with robust DirecTV package and DVD player, queen size sleeper sofa (with highest end sofa bed mattress on the market) and a kitchen counter with three bar stools.  TheOur bungalow home is our "Green" baby. Retrofitted with solar hot water, radiant heating, and surrounded by a lush vegetable garden, we have made an island of sustainability in the heart of the city.   Our bungalow home is our "Green" baby. Retrofitted with solar hot water, radiant heating, and surrounded by a lush vegetable garden we have made an island of sustainability in the heart of the city.  Our home remodel includes handmade kitchen cabinets, concrete counter tops, a walk-in pantry, and a 1930's gas range.   The sunny living room is furnished with a mix of danish modern, hand-made and up-cycled thrift store furniture pieces.  The bedrooms are cozy and include one full size bed and a set of bunk beds, sleeping 4 people comfortably.  Exposed wooden trim and hardwood floors all around.  Located in the Central District, we are a walk away from Capitol Hill, Madrona's shops and restaurants and close to Lake Washington.  We are 10 minutes away from downtown, the International DistricPrivate, furnished room w/ queen bed & patio access near Safeway, multiple buses, parks (incl. Arboretum & Japanese Garden), straight shot to downtown. Great restaurants within blocks: Harvest Vine, Cafe Flora, Nishino Sushi, Essential Baking Co. Bedroom is located on the bottom floor just as you enter the home and is fully furnished with queen-sized bed, comforter, dresser, and nightstands. The room is quite private given it is separated from the other bedrooms by the middle floor where the kitchen, dining area, and living room are. The full bathroom is right across the hall, and access to the outdoor patio is on this level as well. You'll have full access to the bedroom and full bathroom with shower, towels, soap, etc. Also on the bottom level is access to the outdoor patio, with a bench where you can sit and sip your coffee. You will also be able to use the fridge, stove, oven, toaster oven, and kitchen utensils (pots, pans, cutlery, French press, etc.), though I ask that you purchaRoom available to rent in brand new Madison Valley townhome. A few blocks away from bars, restaurants and cafes on Madison Avenue. Short, direct bus ride to downtown Seattle and Seattle Center. Walking distance to Lake Washington, Capitol Hill, and the Arboretum. The bedroom is spacious and has a private balcony. The bedroom and bathroom are on the second floor, which you will have to yourself. Brand new green build townhouse. Bedroom is spacious and has a private balcony looking out on the street. Home has a large back patio with couches and a grill. There is a TV on the first floor with Hulu, Netflix, Showtime and HBO Go. You can access the first and second floors. Laundry is on the third floor. Please give me a heads up when you want to do laundry and we can figure out a time that works. I will be home and able to help you plan your trip. Depending on timing, I am happy to make you breakfast and/or coffee. Madison Valley is known as the Paris of Seattle. There are quaint cafes and sThis is a lovely room with its own private entrance and bathroom, located in a quiet neighborhood. You can easily access everything you need by using public transportation, driving or walking. There is ample free parking nearby. This room is perfect for the free spirit who is independent and needs a home base while exploring Seattle. I also host medical students who rotate in the nearby hospitals, that's why it is frequently booked up. There is no smoking on the property. This is a private room located within a townhouse. The room has its own private entrance and full bathroom. It includes a desk, chair, lots of lights, mini refrigerator, microwave, closet and ample storage space. It also comes with clean sheets, pillows, blanket and towels. On hotter Seattle days you can turn on the fan and it has a window you can open to let in the cool night air. It has everything you need to make your stay cozy. Since we live in the house and are constantly in and out you will only have access to tBeautiful and bright room with a private bathroom in Capitol Hill close to bars and restaurants. Enjoy barbecuing in the beautiful backyard, hangout in the spacious living area or use the awesome vintage kitchen to cook your favorite meals. Welcome to the Purple House! Enjoy your stay in the Emerald city in our beautiful remodeled home that has it all!  The house features 4 bedrooms and an open floor plan (dinning, living and TV rooms) designed for entertaining. The huge kitchen is the dream of any chef and the incredible garden is perfect for barbecuing or hangout and relax watching the hummingbirds. While staying at our house feel free to use the living area (dinning, living and TV room), the kitchen and the grill in the backyard. We're here to make your stay unique!! Let us know what you need and we'll be happy to help...  :-) Quite and safe neighborhood. Very walkable and close to some of the best restaurants of the city and the heart of Capitol Hill. There's a Safeway around the cSpacious sun porch with magnificent view of the Cascade Mountains.  This is a very central location within walking distance to Madison Beach, restaurants, cafes, parks, trails, and more. Wood floors, big windows, new kitchen appliances, cool neighbors Front of apartment is all access. I will be available to help or have someone in my place to help make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible. Capitol Hill is the place to be. The apartment is a short walk from all the major attractions on the hill from music venues to night life. Capitol Hill has it all. Besides that, the apartment is a short walk from Madison Beach and Denny Blaine Beach (gay, nude, drinking, and 420 friendly)... although it seems everywhere in Seattle is pretty friendly. There is plenty of street parking and bus lines run very close to the house if needed.  Safeway is a block away. Ride share apps are another alternative. Gay friendly, 420 friendly (outside)This 4 bedroom modern townhome has it all! *Central location in Seattle's Madison Valley *4 bedrooms w/ 3.5 bathrooms (2 en suite) *Outdoor patio w/ barbecue *Garage parking *Laundry *Fabulous territorial views *All new furniture/housewares This newly furnished and remodeled home has modern amenities, a quiet location, and proximity to all that Seattle has to offer. The living areas are spread over four levels.  The entry level has two bedrooms. The first we call "The Polo Grounds."  It has a *king size bed* with two nightstands, a large closet, and direct access to the backyard patio, where you will find a dining table and barbecue.   The second bedroom is "Ebbets Field."  This room offers great flexibility for groups of all configurations, with a twin over queen bunk bed and a large closet. French doors open to a small balcony overlooking the valley. These two bedroom share a nearby full bathroom. Up one level is the main living area. This open concept space has a chef's kitchen withPrivate room with bathroom. A specific entry to the house would be used only by you but you don't have the access to the living room/kitchen The room includes a new bed with new mattress You have access to the Wifi. Easy to park in the street. a personal entry to the house. Really close to the bus line 8 for going downtown. Really quiet and awesome neighborhood! No access to the kitchen and living room. You have a private entry to your room and bathroom. We usually do not run into our guests because we do not use the entrance and the rest of the house is separated. But we are very accessible by phone, text, or messages of you need us to handle any concerns or answer any questions! For guests staying for longer periods of time, we make our washer and dryer available for use. Madison Valley neighbors Capitol Hill, Madison Park, and First Hill. We are only a few miles from downtown and major tourist attractions. You'll find awesome restaurants and cute shops on Madison St, within a few blOur home is within walking distance of some of the best bars and restaurants in Seattle. Bus to Pike Place Market and the Space Needle in 15 minutes. Enjoy our gas fireplace during the rainy days and our outdoor fire pit while it's sunny! 1 Private bedroom with queen size Temperpedic bed. 1 full bathroom shared with homeowners. Plus, shared living room and FULL kitchen. Espresso machine, wine fridge, outdoor charcoal grill and a fire pit for those cool Seattle evenings. 45 inch Smart Vivio tv in living room, as well as, 28 inch tv in bedroom with Netflix, AmazonPrime and HuluPlus. Gas fireplace, table seating for 8 people, and full kitchen for cooking. 1 bedroom, shared full bath, living room, dining room, full kitchen, front porch and side yard bbq. We enjoy meeting people from different places, and are happy to share our home in Seattle. Capitol Hill is an eclectic neighborhood with amazing bars and restaurants within walking distance. Lake Washington beach is a 30 minute walk away, This is a Charming house with a lot of light. The house is conveniently located in Central District. Easily accessible through car, bus or bike. The house has a large yard where you could enjoy some peaceful time.Quiet Central District room near downtown Seattle. Minutes from Capitol Hill social scene, I5 and I90!We hope that you will experience our home as a place of calm and sanctuary that, at the same time, offers easy access to all of the best that Seattle has to offer. Walk, ride, or drive to downtown, Capital Hill, Lake Washington in minutes! We hope you find our space as warm and inviting as we've endeavored to make it. It's an older home with much character and, at the same time, many updated features, such as new kitchen appliances, new flooring on the main floor and new carpeting upstairs and in the bedrooms. You will have access to the entire home and yard, front and back, including outdoor seating (table and chairs) and barbecue. As I move back and forth between Seattle and Portland, Oregon, we may not meet directly, but I (or my partner) will be readily available to answer questions, make recommendations, or help in any way. Central/Capital Hill area is becoming increasingly popular as a  neighborhood to live and visit. Street and off-street parking are readily available. Numerous This listing is for an extra bedroom in my one-story bungalow.  This is a shared space with myself and girlfriend.  We have a living room, kitchen, bathroom, internet and three bedrooms.   There is a front and back yard and garden.  Your rental has a bed, heater, window, and computer.  There is a closet and dresser that we use in the space.   We are active and are happy to show guests around the city and mountains, if we are available.  you will have access to a kitchen, bathroom, living room, books.  All the space is shared and should be respected accordingly.  We are fun and easy going and hope the guests are too.  We will always be present, at night, when someone is staying here.   Our neighbors are very friendly!  We share our garden produce with neighbors and it is close to downtown but quiet.  3-miles from downtown! There is a local bar, brewery, many food options.  There are many parks and hiking nearby and a short trip to the mountains (1-3 hours)  There is access to many bus lHistoric craftsman with easy access to downtown and Capitol Hill with regular bus service or healthy walk. Share space with young married couple and two big, very lovable dogs. Plus, Jimmy Hendrix used to play in the basement as a youth. Big windows with lots of light and private sitting room. Guests have access to private bathroom and kitchen. Happy to give privacy or share common space.  We have two big, lovable dogs Peat and Milo that will want to interact with you. We love the neighborhood because it has access to great bars and restaurants (Chucks Hop Shop, Twilight Exit, Central Pizza, Ezelle's). You can get great views walking around the neighborhood and has great access to transit. Great access to the 3/4 which goes downtown all day with very frequent service. 48 bus will take you north to UW.Two beautiful and bright rooms with a private bathroom in Capitol Hill close to bars and restaurants. Enjoy barbecuing in the beautiful backyard, hang out in the spacious living area or use the awesome vintage kitchen to cook your favorite meals.This is a Charming house with a lot of light. The house is conveniently located near many attractions in Central District. Easily accessible through car, bus or bike. The house has a large yard where you could enjoy some peaceful time.Daylight basement/Mother-in-Law studio with private entrance. Built in bookshelves, bay windows, and granite counters. The studio is walking distance to multiple bus stops, grocery stores, and local pubs, and also has plenty of free street parking. The T.V. doesn't have cable setup for it, but has an HDMI port to stream from your favorite service provider (netflix, hulu, amazon...) Although private, the studio is attached to the main house where I live. I'm happy to answer any questions and assist as needed at your request! Aside from Uber or a Taxi, there are two main bus lines less than two blocks from the house.  One bus line runs east-west and takes you downtown via Seattle University, Swedish Medical Center, and Harborview.  The other line runs north-south for easy access to the University of Washington.   This is a recently renovated LARGE daylight basement apartment.  Fully appointed kitchen, granite counters in kitchen, granite vanity in bathroom, clawfoot tub.  Includes wireless internet, flat screen TV (basic cable), updated furniture and decor. LARGE newly remodeled 2 bedroom daylight basement apartment in East Capitol Hill triplex.  Amenities include: radiant heat, slab granite counters, gas range/oven, washer/dryer, dishwasher, private yard.   Walk to dozens of restaurants, cafes, retail, arboretum, parks, gym, near hospitals, etc. 1 block to buslines for easy access to downtown, university district, etc This is a comfortable, modern apartment with great amenities.  It's close to the action, but also in a quiet neighborhood - the best of all worlds! The entrance is on the Pine St (North) side of the building, down the hill.  It is Unit C, the white door at the ground level, beneath the first staircase. There is a key box on the door frame.  The code is provided upon booking.  PulThe Artist's Garden Studio is a private room/bathroom and entrance within the larger Fountain House, located with in the Central District of Seattle. The studio is a warm ochre and the room is sprinkled with well loved house plants and the Artist's personal collection of Art. Directly out the private entrance is quaint vegetable and flower garden with a small fire pit.  The room has a queen bed and an additional Queen Air Mattress if needed. Visitors are able to access the communal spaces within the larger Fountain House as well as their private Artist's Garden Studio. The Studio has a full bathroom (Bath, shower, sink, toilet) but the Kitchen and laundry are in communal space. Easton will be your primary contact during your stay. She will welcome you with a key and give you a tour of the space. The larger Fountain House is a communal living situation with three other women. The Artist Garden Studio is private. The Central District is ideally located over the hill (literally) from CapiThis beautiful newly built loft cottage is the perfect private getaway, located in the Seattle's historic Central District means quick and convenient access to everything that this spectacular city has to offer. Our newly built backyard cottage is the perfect, private in city dwelling.  This spacious loft style living space features a open floor plan that is not only comfortable but also conveniently equipped with all the amenities of home.   The open floor plan gives you the feel of being in a space much larger.  All the built in details have been modified for small space living.  The ladder to reach the upper loft bedroom is ONLY suitable for healthy able bodied climbers and should be avoided by anyone with knee or ankle issues. THE RISE IS STEEP AND THE DISTANCE BETWEEN EACH STEP IS GREATER THAN WHAT IS TYPICAL, TAKE YOUR TIME !  But once on the upper level you can relax in the comfort of a memory foam mattress and primp in a quaint 1/2 bath. The second bed is a queen size sofa bed This 5 bedroom modern house has it all! *Central Seattle location *5 bedrooms w/ 3.5 bathrooms *Backyard w/ barbecue *Garage parking *2 laundries *Modern chef's kitchen *All new furniture/housewares *Huge master suite with spa bath This newly furnished home has modern amenities, a quiet location with private backyard, and proximity to all that Seattle has to offer. The first floor is your living area.  This open concept space has a chef's kitchen with modern counter tops and stainless steel appliances. There is tons of room to work and to enjoy the brand new kitchenware. This space flows directly to the dining area with seating for 10 (expands to accommodate more), plus stools at the long breakfast counter. Continuing from the dining area is the light-soaked living room, furnished with a queen sleeper sofa (with highest end sofa bed mattress on the market), love seat, DVD, and cable TV. Enjoy our collection of games (Scrabble, cards, etc.) in front of the gas fireplace. Or walk out theWe have a Green House on a corner located in Madison Valley.  We are 15 minutes to downtown on the 11 or 8 lines - 2 blocks from the Arboretum and a super market, and close to Madison Beach and the University of Washington.  We have a Green House on the Corner located in Madison Valley.  We are 15 minutes to downtown on the 11 or 8 lines -2 blocks from the Arboretum and a super market, and close to Madison Beach and the University of Washington. The house is well furnished, has a full kitchen and deck, 2 bedrooms (one queen bed and one futon) and 2 bathrooms as well as a fold out couch and an air mattress. It sleeps 6.   WiFi is provided.  There is ample on-street parking right in front. For your privacy the unit has a separate entrance and address: 234 27th Ave East (this address may be used for mail and package delivery). I have lived in the building for 22 years, and I would be happy to give you a local perspective on sightseeing or dining in the neighborhood during your stay. This Contemporary house in the middle of the city.  Central location between Capitol Hill (Culture) and Madison Valley (Relaxation) and right on the transit lines to the rest of the city and and surrounding area.  Great home base for your city adventures! The house has a very warm contemporary feel.  There are stained concrete floors on the first floor, and hard wood floors on the second floor.  Exposed wood beams, and columns throughout the structure, with matching wood doors, cabinetry, and trim. The house is fair game. There is a 65" 4k TV in the living room with Apple TV, Netflix, Hulu Plus, HBO, a PS4, a Nintendo Wii, and a large collection of DVDs and Blue-Rays.  The kitchen is fully equipped for everything from simple breakfast to a multi-course meal.  There is grocery store across the street for any items you may need as well.  Use of the bicycles is negotiable for exploring around town. I'm a Seattle Native, and love hosting guests.  If you need recommendations on day trips, restauEnjoy a relaxing stay in my Madison Valley townhouse house right off Cap Hill & easy walk/bus access to Downtown and UW.  Your large guest room w/ private bathroom is on its own floor and has great natural light and opens to private garden.  Guests have access to wifi, large kitchen (stocked with coffee, water and beer), washer/dryer, printer and rooftop deck.  A quiet and very safe neighborhood with lots of great restaurants, cafes and grocery stores within 10 minute walk. Modern 4 story townhouse in Madison Valley. Easy walk or drive access to Capital Hill, Downtown and Madison Park. Guests have their own large 1-bedroom that opens to a private garden.  Private bathroom is right across the hall. Guests also have access to a full kitchen.  Oh - and don't forget the rooftop deck with view of the mountains...perfect for reading or having a glass of rose. I love to host and have an extensive knowledge and love of Seattle.  I'm happy to provide as much support I can in helping you find thThis private 1 bedroom is designed for independent travelers who appreciate an artistic oasis. The space is a colorful and quiet basement apt with free street parking. Steps to buses to downtown & Space Needle plus 5% donated to local charities! My guest space is a fully furnished one-bedroom bright basement apt with a full bath, living room and small kitchenette with your own private entrance and access to a tiny magical garden. Quiet urban retreat with music, books and maps on Seattle parks and neighborhood local hot spots (Cortona Cafe, Katy's, St. Clouds, Hi-Spot), wifi, one bicycle, cocoa, tea and snacks provided.  Walk 1-3 blocks to 4 buses. On street parking is free. Sales tax included. A tiny Notebook laptop with a DVD player is provided for watching movies.  10% of all proceeds are split between two community agencies:  - The Urban Rest Stop for the homeless in Seattle and for  - Coyote Central, an innovative Central District Youth Arts organization * Thank you for visiting SeFenced-in, 2BD/1BA ranch home close to Downtown Seattle in the Madison Valley neighborhood. A short walk to Seattle's "French Quarter" and the Arboretum. Near bus lines to Downtown/Space Needle, Capitol Hill and U-District. Quick access to SR 520.Our comfortable two bdrm craftsman home is just blocks from the heart of Seattle's Capitol Hill. Built in 1904, this corner house is full of light. Enjoy a large kitchen, updated bathroom and wonderful outdoor space for dining and relaxing. Updated bathroom, wood floors throughout most of the home, large bay window dining room, cozy living room with large built-in bookshelf. Wonderful outdoor space for dining and relaxing. Outdoor dining table seats 6, large gas grill, separate area with cozy outdoor furniture and outdoor fireplace to watch the sunset. Large vegetable and herb garden along sidewalk, take whatever you need! Guests have access main floor of our home along with an attached laundry room. Outdoor space includes gas grill and large vegetable garden. Using our XBox, guests have access to HBO, Hulu, Netflix, ESPN, Xfinity and Amazon Prime. Guests will not have access to basement or garage.  Our home is very centrally located, with a WalkScore of 85. We are just blocks from theHello! I have a lovely 1 BR apartment in Madison Valley/Central District/Capitol Hill area. I am 2 blocks away from a gas station, a bar, post office, Safeway and walking distance to numerous bus stops [48 to UW, 8 to Seattle Cent(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN), and 2 to downtown/Capitol Hill]. The apartment is the 2nd floor of a duplex with a little outdoor deck. The house is from the 1920s and has an old world charm. My living room is furnished with a futon that folds out and a TV, but no cable. I have a Roku with HBO Go, Hulu, Amazon Prime and Netflix subscriptions.  I also have a DVD player and wifi. The bedroom has a full size bed and a lot of plants. {pictures are a little old. will update soon.}  The bathroom is a bit on the tiny size. I am pretty short so people over 5'6", beware of the short ceilings in the bathroom/shower. I have clean linens and towels ready for your use. I also have a fully stocked collection of tea. Sorry coffee drinkers - you will have to bring your own or go a fewThis fully-remodeled, 1902 Craftsman-style home in the heart of Seattle's Central District is a perfect home base for travelers who want to relax after exploring the city, cook a meal and eat out on the deck or soak in a claw foot tub. The house is spacious (1,650 sf) and bright with an open layout for entertaining. Both bathrooms have luxurious open showers.  Kitchen is outfitted for serious cooks with a restaurant-grade gas stove and refrigerator (no freezer or microwave available).    2 bedrooms w/ queen-size beds  1 children's bedroom w/ 2 twin mattresses   2 aero-beds available if needed (queen & twin)  Sleeps 8 max ($50/person after first 4)  2 full bathrooms (one has both shower and separate tub)  Clean linens/towels provided   Kitchen basics provided  Stereo w/ speakers in living room, kitchen and on outdoor deck  Wi/fi  No TV available  Washer/Dryer (shared use with downstairs tenant on Wed & Sun)  Easy street parking  Family-friendly house Guests will have access to the upstaYour bedroom with private bathroom is quietly located on its own corridor upstairs as part of a large, new craftsman house. Situated in  posh Madrona you can walk to tons of nice places. Enjoy a gourmet kitchen, big living and formal dining room.  Your room has a queen bed, nightstand and ample closet space. It also has a desk and chair to do work. And it has a leather seat and small ottoman to read/relax. Your private bathroom has a shower/toilet (so it is a 3/4 bathroom). All of that is part of a 4 bedroom 3.5 bathroom house with a spacious living room, formal dining room and a high end kitchen.  Our home has Brazilian cherry hardwood floors throughout. It was custom built in 2007 and is like new. Ample free street parking is available in front of the house.  The house has a fully automated latte machine to get you started in the morning. There is a washer/dryer in a separate laundry room and a gas fired BBQ on the patio. The house has a double garage as well with storage space.  TheThis business-themed modern home features:  *High-end kitchen/baths *Open concept floor-thru living area  *Full floor master suite w/ jetted tub & view deck *Garage Centrally located near: *Top dining *Parks *Hiking *Markets *Day spas **Note: This home is the latest addition to our portfolio.  Photos are dated realtor images and don't reflect the decor and new furniture.  As we await our first guests and great reviews, enjoy a steep discount on this modern home!*** This home has it all: modern amenities, a quiet location, and proximity to all that Seattle has to offer.  All furnishings and housewares are brand new as of November 2015, including comfy new bedding and towels, furniture, and appliances. The living areas are spread over three levels.  The entry level is the main living area.  This open concept space has a chef's kitchen with granite counter tops and stainless steel appliances.  This flows directly to the dining area which includes 3 stools at the breakfast counter, and a dCozy 2 bedroom corner lot home in the Central District with a fenced yard and parking. Walking distance to all Capitol Hill has to offer as well as new cafes and bars popping up in the surrounding blocks. Easy access to downtown, UW and the Eastside. 1918 Craftsman with an open living room, dining room and kitchen. Remodeled in 2007. Medium sized rooms with queen beds, closets and two windows each. The beds accommodate two people each and the couch could be used to sleep a 5th guest. Standard bathroom. Fully equipped kitchen (dishwasher, toaster, microwave, french press, pots and pans, all basic tools and utensils). Ironing board and washer/dryer in the basement. Cable TV in living room and one bedroom. There's also a record player with some of my cool jams for you to play or you can plug in your own music via the auxiliary cord. Pets are allowed with $50 cleaning fee per pet (please email me for approval and I will adjust the reservation quote).  Covered front porch and there is a chaA whole-house rental in the centrally located Madison Valley neighborhood. Comfortably fits a couple, with the possibility for a third on a couch. Enjoy our kitchen, a backyard patio, and veggie garden (depending on the season). This is a whole house rental, with full access to a real kitchen, wireless internet, and a backyard patio. The 650 sq. ft. house was renovated in 2010 with new kitchen appliances, bamboo floors, heating/air-conditioning system, clothes washer/dryer, and fresh tile and fixtures in the bathroom. Sorry, but there is no TV.    The guest room includes a comfortable full size (real!) bed, a desk, and closet space for your things. For your convenience, we have a small collection of Seattle guidebooks we keep in the guest room. We keep a stock of clean towels and bed linens for you as well.   We strive to make our home as productive as possible. A solar electric array, solar hot water, and high-efficiency features in our house result in net-zero energy use. The backyarBrand new everything! TOTAL renovation in November 2015: *Flooring *Counters *Cabinets *Paint *Decor *Appliances *Furniture Sleeps up to 4 (king bedroom plus queen sleeper sofa) In-unit washer/dryer and garage parking are nice bonuses ***Note: The photos and reviews shown here are all pre-renovation!*** Thomas Lodge "Vermont" is fresh off of a complete overhaul.  It is located on the lower floor of a small building with just 4 homes. You enter into the building and into your home with your own chosen code that will be programmed into the electronic locks... no cumbersome organizing for a key exchange!  No concerns about arriving and departing at odd hours. The condo opens to the kitchen and living area.  The open concept living area/kitchen features a dining table for 4 (expands to accommodate more), wall-mounted television with robust DirecTV package and DVD player, queen size sleeper sofa (with highest end sofa bed mattress on the market) and a kitchen counter with three bar stools. Cute house near Capitol Hill with easy transit and freeway access. Room has a full-size bed, room to hang clothes, small bathroom is shared with housemates.  Guests have full kitchen access. Outdoor smoking is fine.  Room has French doors that open out onto the back porch, overlooking the garden. Guests have free range of kitchen, bathroom, washer/dryer, and the yard. We will be staying in the house as well, and are available for any questions/concerns that come up!Conveniently located between Seattle's Capitol Hill and Central District neighborhoods. 1 mile away from downtown. Complete with a full kitchen, bedroom and bath - you'll feel at home in this apartment while enjoying everything Seattle has to offer.Fantastic unit located in a quiet residential street with easy access to downtown and Seattle attractions. The unit has 2 bedrooms / 1.5 bath, sleeps five: 2 Queen beds, 1 couch, includes parking and has private patio with a grill. The 1000 square feet unit with 2 bedrooms / 1.5 bath •Sleeps five: 2 Queen beds, 1 couch •Lots of natural light •Parking •Private patio with  outdoor furniture and a grill •Recently remodeled kitchen is fully equipped with stainless steel appliance(URL HIDDEN)Washer / dryer in unit •Fireplace •Recently remodeled bathroom with a big shower with 2 shower heads •Free wifi •Netflix and DirectTV 3 blocks to cafes, shops, and restaurants on Madison •4 blocks to supermarket (Safeway) •6 blocks to the arboretum •2 blocks to bus line to downtown and Space Needle •5 mins drive to hospitals, UW and Seattle University •7 mins drive / bus ride to downtown  •10 mins drive / bus ride to the StadiumsThis is a one bedroom apt in a 4 unit building located on a tree lined street in Central Seattle.  The apt is on the 2nd floor, and has its own porch and entrance, and has a fully equipped kitchen.  We welcome people traveling with pets. The building was once a large single family home that was divided into four fun/quirky 1 bedroom apartments.  This apartment is on the second floor and has its own entry.  The kitchen is fully equipped with pot/pans/dishes, and there are some basic food ingredients as well (oil, vinegar,salt, pepper, sugar). Guests will be the sole occupants of the apartment, and have access to all of it and its front porch. We are absolutely available by phone or text at any time during your stay, and live just over the hill, about 10 blocks away. The Central Area of Seattle is largely residential, with tree lined streets.  We are close to the commercial node of 23rd & Union and the local hot spots (all within 4-5 blocks) include: Cortona cafe (coffee), Chucks Hop ShoCharming stand alone one bedroom Cottage with lots of light, a full kitchen, washer & dryer, air conditioned. Close to the Arboretum, U of W, Capitol Hill, Lake Washington, fine restaurants, freeway access and 2 to 4 blocks to various bus routes. The Cottage location in our yard provides privacy.  The yard is fairly large and provides an arboretum like feel. There is lots of natural light from windows and a sky light.  Because of its location, curtains are not needed.  There is a small outdoor space to relax.   The Cottage is complete with a full kitchen (no dishwasher), full bath,  washer and dryer and a quiet cool bedroom with a large closet.  There is WIFI connection to the internet but no TV or band width to stream movies. Guest have the Cottage all to them selves.  It is quite private.  Access to the Cottage is with a key code so arrangements do not have to made with us for access. There ia a a couple small out door area that are some what private but you may find us passing throuRent a piece of History. Mid-Century home designed by famous architect and preservationist, Victor Steinbrueck. This skillfully renovated landmark is close to shops. Downtown by bus or by foot easily. Nice back deck.This is a 1000 Sq ft basement apartment in Seattle's central district.  Walking distance to restaurants, shopping, buslines.  Free off street parking.  2 bedrooms, one bath.  Recently remodeled.  Full kitchen and bath. This is a basement unit, so the ceilings are a little bit low.  That said, it is very roomy at 1,000 sq ft and it does get good ambient light, as every room has at least one window. There is another AirBnb unit upstairs.  The upstairs guests have been instructed to remove shoes indoors in order to minimize any disturbance, but you may hear some footsteps as you would in any unit where there are upstairs neighbors. There is a rollaway bed located in the closet of the back (larger) bedroom.  Linens are located in the chest of drawers. Extra towels are located in the hall closet next to the bathroom. You may utilize the charcoal or gas grill on the back patio.  Make sure to turn off the tank valve when you're done. If you need anything at all please do not hesitate to contaCasana is a super comfortable and convenient townhouse in wonderful E. Capitol Hill / Madison Valley.  Guests have often commented that they love the quiet but vibrant neighborhood.  They like the proximity to nearby eateries, dry cleaners, yoga studio, day spa, and bus lines (Metro 8 & 11) For foodies, you can avail yourself of the well equipped kitchen (gas range, full-size microwave, lots of counter-space, plenty of cooking implements!), and/or adventure out and enjoy the wide array of restaurants just one block from your front door!  Rover's, Luc, Harvest Vine, Voila, the Essential Bakery, and Cafe Flora are all excellent choices. For those of you exploring all the Seattle highlights, such as Pike Place Market, the Space Needle (with its new beautiful gold painted top), Pioneer Square, and the Ballard Locks, you'll be just minutes away by car or public transport (by Metro bus & the light rail). You will, indeed, be close to everything... the Eastside (Bellevue, Redmond etc.), I-5, A charming, newly remodeled and freshly furnished 1925 house in Seattle's Central District, close to downtown and Capitol Hill. This bright, spacious and private house has everything you need for a perfect stay in the Emerald City. This is truly your home away from home. You'll have this entire three-bedroom house and spacious backyard to yourself. Two big bedrooms have queen-size beds, one smaller bedroom has a single. A couch on the main floor turns into a bed to accommodate a sixth person. There is a kitchen with a breakfast nook as  well as a large dining table for sit-down meals. All new appliances and amenities. The whole house, including the large backyard, will be yours during your stay. The house is located in a vibrant neighborhood of mostly single-family homes. It's important to note that the upstairs has lower than average/slanted ceilings. The upstairs half bath is best suited for children. As your hosts, we live just minutes away and are available for questions or to provWelcome to your private one-bedroom apartment 20 minute walk of amazing restaurants, shops, venues, and Seattle's Capitol Hill! Includes one real king-sized bed, futon, bathroom w/ eccentric shower, kitchen, laundry, office, and living room. Welcome to your own private apartment in one of the most desirable areas of Seattle. We are a 20 minute walk from Capitol Hill and Lake Washington Your cool, modern living space is the entire basement floor of our three-story 1907 Craftsman home, which includes a separate and private entrance. Completely renovated in 2006, you'll find this modern space to have all the comforts of home nestled on a main street 20 minutes by foot from Capitol Hill. This one-bedroom apartment features one real king-sized hotel quality bed, ample closet space, and a cozy living room with a Euro-style folding couch that can sleep two. You'll also find a laundry, office, and free Wi-Fi access. The apartment includes one bathroom with an eccentric shower and a fully stockEnjoy heaps of natural light in the quietly up and coming Madison Park neighborhood with easy bus access to all  the city has to offer. Bold red hues set the tone for this inviting, Seattle space, which has been decorated with original art and travel souvenirs from around the world. Enjoy a private room that we hope buzzes with bold creative energy and a warm invitation to relax. Explore the bookshelf bursting with classics old and new, check out travel souvenirs from around the world, and allow yourself to feel restful amid a space curated to include original artworks, photos of the Pacific Northwest, typography, and poetry. Feel free to relax in our city townhome. Guests have a charming private room with queen sized bed and antique desk, and share a full bath (shampoo, conditioner, and hairdryer included) with other guests or our roommate. You are welcome in our kitchen and common area downstairs. We'll do our best to meet you when you first arrive, and after that our interactions wiModern, stylish, craftsman style townhome with 2 bedrooms (king room, 3 twins room, queen sleeper sofa). Recent construction features hardwood floors and stainless steel appliances. Off street parking, laundry. Ski decor completes chalet feel. This charming 2 bedroom home is a new addition to our portfolio of properties in Seattle's Madison Valley neighborhood.  All furnishings and housewares are brand new as of November 2015, including comfy new bedding and towels, furniture, and appliances. After parking in your dedicated off-street parking space beside the house, enter the home on its entertaining level.  Here you will find hardwood floors and a bright, airy open space.  It will quickly become clear that the home, built in 2005, was meticulously cared for by its owner since then. The kitchen features stainless steel appliances and granite countertops.  It includes a bar seating area with three stools, and a nearby dining table that seats 6 and expands to accommodate more.   The openThis is a pleasant centrally located apartment perfect for your visit! Private entrance from a charming backyard which is shared with the family upstairs. Easy access to transit, nearby cafes and restaurants. Relax in the main room with a heated floor, couch, television and sitting area. Enjoy the office nook for computer time, reading or writing. Fully functioning kitchen available as well. Rental area includes the downstairs and lower yard area, upstairs deck is for the family living upstairs. The TV has HDMI for streaming from your pc. Access is from the backyard garden area, enter from the south side gate facing 25th street and walk to the back of the house for the entrance from the brick patio. The space will be ready for our incoming guests by 3pm. Though I will not be present during your stay, please respect and use my space as though it were yours. If you have questions, I can be easily reached via text. Easy access to a few charming neighborhood centers.   Starting nearby alonMadison Valley is an up and coming neighborhood. Our quiet street has easy access to the rest of the city. You'll stay in a comfortable room decked with maps of the area, with a cozy reading nook and a bookshelf full of some of our favorite titles. One of three rooms in a private townhouse, occupants of this room are welcome to use laundry facilities and to hang out in the living space. The kitchen is also available for use, though any big cooking projects should be coordinated with the hosts. We'll do our best to meet you when you first arrive, and after that our interactions will depend on both our schedules! We love meeting new people and offering restaurant and activity recommendations, but we also understand you may have your plans and schedule already in place. If the stars align, we're likely to offer you dinner, but will not be offended if you turn us down. Madison Valley is a quiet, up and coming neighborhood. An easy 25 minute walk or 5 minute drive to the hip nightlife of CaWe have an extra room on our ground level floor that's perfect for travelers. It has its own full bathroom, is a perfect place to relax, and is just the right size to be on the side of romantic. I love being able to walk downtown in 30 minutes, but its also 1/2 a block from all major bus lines, uber, and community bikes. Safeway is also across the street, with Trader Joes 5 blocks up the road. We have a full kitchen you can use and fridge space too. We have one person who works from home up on the third floor and the 2 others are rarely here as they work long hours. When they are around, they are very friendly and welcoming to all sorts of people. While it is walking distance to the very vibrant Capitol Hill neighborhood and night life, it is just past the top of the hill putting it in a very quiet residential neighborhood for a great night's rest. We have tons of free parking all around here, we are on all the major bus lines, uber works great, and there are community bikes near here New green construction home.  Main level great room has a gas fireplace, large flat screen TV and  half-bath off entry. Three bedrooms, each with private bath, master has large flat screen TV.  Bose iphone stations in great room and master bedroom. One car garage.  Five minute drive to downtown. Rented by the month and week during peak season.  Please contact us for special rates. 1800 square feet of new green living space with minimalist decor.  The home was designed to maximize privacy and the spectacular territorial views, including the Cascade Mountain range. Radiant heat, hot water on demand and high end fixture and appliances lend to a warm and comfortable setting. Sleeps a maximum of 6, but owner will consider one or two more (please ask), and will provide a pack n play for young children. Pet policy is on a case-by-case basis, please provide information about your pet and we will do our best to make it work for you. This home is located in Seattle's W. Madrona neighborhood and This is a LARGE 1,100 square foot one bedroom.  Well appointed kitchen, movie room, separate dining room with view.  This is our home.  We are renting this out only to responsible adults with references during our travels. Unit is in a classic 1910 Dutch Colonial house.  This unit includes the top 2 floors of the triplex.  Apartment comes fully furnished and essential amenities provided. Master bedroom upstairs is an approx. 400sf finished attic space.  The main floor features laminate wood floors, a large dining room and office nook, movie room, fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher, and ¾ bath with laundry in unit. Guest will occupy top 2 floors of house and have shared use of yard.  Arrival and entry instructions are provided upon booking. The unit has its own entrance and guests are given privacy, but the owner or manager is available as needed. We love this neighborhood!  The house is just a short walk or drive to lots of great bars, restaurants, coffee shops, theaters, and some Brand new town home has 2 spacious bedrooms both with an en suite bath. A sofa bed on the main floor fits 2 more, for a total of 6 people. The rooftop deck has amazing views of the cascades. 10 min from downtown and 5 min from Capitol Hill. Parking! Brand new modern home in a residential neighborhood minutes from the city. 2 blocks from Safeway, minutes from Trader Joes, and a few blocks from multiple cafe's and coffee shops. The rooftop deck view is breathtaking, enjoy a glass of wine while you relax with a view of the cascades! Multiple bus stops with direct routes downtown and to the Eastside are a 2 min stroll. I really love this home and have only lived in it for a few months and hope you enjoy the place as much as i do! 1 dedicated parking spot Plenty of street parking Wifi Washer/dryer Bus stop Roof top deck Yes, via text, phone,email, or in person. I love that it's a cozy neighborhood but still close to downtown. It's also situated for easy access to the University of WashingtoYou'll love staying in our rustic modern home, centrally located in the heart of Seattle. Explore the downtown shops and waterfront (only a short bus ride away), canoe around the arboretum, have a drink the backyard or put your feet up by the fire. Single family home near the Capitol Hill area of Seattle. House located in a friendly residential neighborhood, but only 2 miles from downtown. Bus lines 2 blocks away going directly to downtown, or catch a 10-minute taxi. Two-level home, with master suite upstairs. Back and front yard with garden.My basement walk-out suite is attached to a craftsman house with a great location in Madrona. 15 min walk to Capitol Hill, 1.5 miles to downtown/Pike Place Mkt. Stained concrete floors, exposed wood, clawfoot tub, queen bed, lots of light.   Located on the border of Madrona and Madison Valley, the house is walking distance to most of the best things in Seattle, but the neighborhood is quiet and you can easily find parking. Madison Valley is home to the Washington Park Arboretum and Foster Island, which are beautiful. Madrona is a quiet neighborhood with a strip of shops and restaurants that is just 6 blocks away. The house is .5 miles from Madrona Park/Beach at lake Washington.  The basement walk-out suite is part of a newly remodeled craftsman house and has great style - lots of exposed wood, copper piping, stained concrete, an old sealed up coal shoot and a separate entrance. The kitchen has a gas stove and plenty of room to cook. Bathroom has a large clawfoot tub. Bedroom has a queeOur quaint Mother-in-Law is ideal for two with a pull out couch if your traveling with more. You'll be in the middle of the city with a great porch for morning coffee, open the door and your in a beautiful park. Within minutes your anywhere in town. We've been in this home for 30 plus years and recently added our beautiful mother-in-law space to have more privacy. My mother is upstairs and she's a seattle gem, in her 60's, born and raised. Our home is located next to a city park and it's a great place to meet locals, or if traveling with kids a safe space for them to play. We have a deck that we share with the rest of the house but is only used by us. Our space is small but it's comfortable, convenient and affordable. Guests will have access to one bedroom, a pull out full sized bed, bathroom, kitchen, and deck. Need help planing your trip? Shoot me any questions, I love to host and know Seattle like the back of my hand. I'm available threw messaging and may run into guest at the park,Enjoy all the comforts of home in our one bedroom garden apartment. We are located in the Central District - walk to bars/restaurants in the CD, Capitol Hill or Madrona. Easy bus ride to downtown and UW. Free parking on premises! Walk score of 89. [UPDATE - there is construction happening on 23rd Avenue as part of a corridor improvement project. This work began in early August and is expected to go through the end of January. There will be construction noise on the street during the day.] Enjoy your stay in our one-bedroom garden apartment. The apartment features a large bedroom, bathroom with jetted tub, full kitchen with eat-in space at the bar, and a living room.  There is a queen size bed in the bedroom, with room for an aero bed in either the bedroom or in the living room. You can also fit one guest on the couch, if the aero bed is not needed.  The apartment is in the basement of our triplex. There is one apartment on each floor. We live in the unit right above the Airbnb, and theGreat living space close to downtown. Walking distance from great restaurants and coffee shops.Centrally located 1BR apartment on second floor offers privacy, seclusion and luxury right in the heart of the city. Includes comfy queen bed, plush bath robes, continental breakfast, kitchenette, hot tub, free wifi & TV. Licensed massage available.  One-of-kind apartment with original artwork by artist David Cross. This top floor apartment has vibrant colors, comfortable furniture, privacy surrounded by nature. Skylights provide abundant light, but room darkening shades allow for peaceful sleep and relaxation. Hot tub is shared with three other residents. Just let us know when you want to use it so that your privacy is ensured. Licensed massage and laundry is available for an extra fee.  You have your own entrance and privacy. However, we are just downstairs and can assist you or give tourist advice. Just a mile outside downtown, but feels like a private oasis in the woods. Two blocks to Starbucks, pharmacy, grocery, restaurants. Walk or bike to Lake Washington, parks, and nearby bikebeautiful, cosy place in central district seattleOur comfortable and relaxing one bedroom suite with heated italian travertine floors has an ultra-warm vibe. It comfortably fits two is and is located in one of the top established neighborhoods just a few miles from downtown Seattle. There are custom finishes throughout the apartment: Italian travertine walk-in rain fall shower for two; luxury linens; heated travertine floors; down comforter; custom concrete countertops; chaise lounge; classic oversized leather chair and ottoman; full size vintage GE refrigerator; aromatic Uspa body products stocked in shower; Noble Isle from the UK in the bath and a experienced licensed massage therapist and personal trainer on location. The entry is accessed through a shared main door on the ground floor. The guest suite has two spacious rooms plus a bathroom, approximately 500+square feet.  Two guests maximum. The backyard and spa/fitness areas are not open to guests unless you have pre-booked a session with the personal trainer and/or massage therSweet one bedroom garden cottage nestled in one of the best Seattle neighborhoods.  It's ideal for two, but you can squeeze in two more if you like. This is a sunny little house in a great neighborhood. The whole place is yours.  There's a spot to park in back off the alley. I'll meet you upon arrival to show you ropes.  Afterward you'll have complete privacy. Walk to unique shops and top restaurants or head down to Madrona beach. We're on the #2 bus line, 10 minutes from downtown.  Also, there's easy access to the eastside via the 520 bridge. Seattle tap water is the best in the country.  Drink with the natives. Wednesday evenings we take the waste containers from the backyard for service.The bright cheery studio is in a fully remodeled section of our 1920s brick Tudor home located in a quiet residential neighborhood close to the heart of the city. Restaurants, shopping and bus lines are all within walking distance. The completely private studio has a sitting room with heated wood floors, natural light coming in through the French doors, dimmable overhead lighting, and comfortable furniture creating an ideal space for reading, watching TV, or working on your electronic devices using our secure Wi-Fi.  Up one step from the sitting room is the sleeping nook furnished with a firm comfortable DOUBLE bed mattress with hypo-allergenic pillows and comforter, and 100% cotton bed linens. The nook is more than adequate for one person and cozy for two. (It could be a bit close for couples who are used to sleeping in a king.)  We also have a folding foam futon that can accommodate one person on the floor. If requested in advance we can make it available to you along with appropriatVery cool studio/apt/sleeping room in a wonderful neighborhood close to Lake Washington, Downtown, Capitol Hill, U of W, Seattle University, and Chinatown. Boutique shops, coffee, restaurants, convenient bus lines 1/2 block away. Chic apartment furnished with art and antiques in a great quiet neighborhood of classic older homes. I have lived in the main house for 35 years, and in Seattle all my life. I can help advise and recommend places to go in Seattle and the surrounding area. Happy to help! The studio apartment is detached from the main house where I live. I'm around the property most of the time, doing yard clean-up and enjoying the Summer, but have great respect for tenant privacy. Some of the most beautiful homes in Seattle nearby, great walks in nearby Arboretum, Lake Wahington, and easy access to everything Seattle has to offer. Bus stop is 1/2 block away, and will take you to central downtown, near the Seattle Art Museum, Pike Place Public Market, and Pioneer Square in 20 miBeautiful private master suite with unobstructed views of Lake Washington and the Cascade Mountains.  Quiet, clean, light-filled, spacious.  Watch the eagles soar by!  Free parking and close to Seattle downtown.   Rated "SuperHosts" by AirBnB ;-) This is a large, airy, light-filled, private master suite with 180 degree views of Lake Washington.  There is a very comfortable, full queen bed, sitting chairs and side table, a large free closet and dresser, and your own private bath.  The in-floor hot water heat will  keep your bare feet warm and happy.  You can come and go through the front door of our house.  We generally do not use this door. Feel free to share our dining room where we'll provide a self-serve breakfast, our living room where you are welcome to nestle into a couch and read your favorite book, and the front terrace where you can sip your coffee and watch the boats sail by on the lake. Parking on the street is free and plentiful.  You will need to walk up a fairly steep fliWelcome to a special space in Seattle's historic Madrona neighborhood! A top floor room with original hardwood floors and abundant natural lighting. Enjoy communal living room, open kitchen, and picturesque sunsets from the porch. You are welcome to all common spaces. Sip a beer on the porch after a busy day exploring the city. If you stay 3+ nights, we can arrange washer/dryer access. Two other roommates are happy welcome you and give tips tailored to your interests. Madrona is a quiet and lovely neighborhood within walking distance to Lake Washington and several parks. Our house is two short blocks from the local shops and restaurants. Chuck's Hop Shop (serving a wide selection of beer and hosting a rotating Food Truck) is down the road. The famous Molly Moon's Ice Cream is right around the corner! The neighborhood Farmer's Market takes place every Friday 3-7pm. Our house has free street parking and is two blocks from the #2 bus stop that will take you to Capitol Hill, Downtown, PikeMadrona is a cute neighborhood just minutes from downtown Seattle and Capital Hill and UW and Husky Games.  Also located just blocks from:Lake Washington, Madrona has darling shops, restaurants and coffee shops.  The patio in the backyard is a great resting spot at the end of your busy day. The room has a double bed and a single bed. I provide linens and towels and there is street parking.  The neighborhood is darling and really gives a "local" experience to your stay. We provide morning coffee to get you on your way in the morning. I look forward to hosting you! ps. The rate includes all applicable sales taxes.An older home within one block to the lake and wonderful wooded park.  It feels like it is miles from the city, but yet a simple 10-15 minute bus ride to Capitol Hill and downtown.  It is not uncommon to see bald eagles and Mt Rainier while eating in the dining room.  A private room in a beautiful older home shared with a welcoming family. Hardwoods, high ceilings, old world charm.  The house is unique and spacious with expansive views of the lake.  The room is small, but adequate with bed, dresser, table/chair and large closet.  If booking for two people - a larger master bedroom will be available.  The rest of the house is large, with a sunroom/dining room for eating, balcony, large sitting room, exercise space for yoga/dancing and large kitchen. All the common areas are open to guests.  Guests may use the kitchen, but should indicate their intention to do this when reserving the space.  There are several hours in the day when the kitchen will not available.  Washer and dryer are avaPrivate upstairs unit of a Madrona home (front door entrance,  foam mattress sofa bed, full kitchen & bathroom). Great location that is minutes from the all the sites and nightlife yet in a quiet & safe neighborhood within 5 min walk of the lake. Welcome to your own private suite in the beautiful and centrally located neighborhood of Madrona! Madrona has a lot to offer all within walking distance including beaches along Lake Washington, great restaurants and bars, and spacious parks. The suite has a completely private entrance through the front door with a key-box entry. This gives you flexibility to check-in at almost anytime. I am a very open minded and friendly person who truly enjoys meeting new people. I would be more than happy to grab a cup coffee or cook up a dinner while providing you with advice about what to explore and see during your visit to beautiful Seattle. I also frequently go skiing, hiking, and paddle boarding and you would be welcome to join. If you prefer to just Enjoy your own private room in this Craftsman home in the Central District of Seattle. Right in the middle of the city 15 minute drive just about anywhere. 1.5 blocks to a bus line, a 15-20 minute bus ride downtown, 8 minutes to trendy capitol hill. In this home all bedrooms are on the second floor So you would be staying in a room across from me and my partner. One shared bathroom on the same floor as bedrooms. Living room, kitchen and of course shared bathroom Yes I'd love to help you figure out where and what to do in Seattle Madrona is a quite and safe centrally located residential neighborhood. Coffee shops, restaurants and shops within 4 blocks walk. Easy access to 4 different bus lines. 2 blocks away from bus that will get you to downtown Seattle in 20 minutes. Driving is 10 minutes to downtown. There is a cat and dog in the home. Very affectionate dog, cat stays to herself.Quintessential Craftsman Style Home. Walking dist. to Lake Washington. 2 blocks to shops/restaurants.  Main floor-living,dining rm, kitchen, 2 bdrms, 1 bth.  2nd floor- 3 bg bdrms, nursery, 2 bths. Unfinished bsment, bthrm, ping pong table.  BackyardThis charming, light filled, large, quite 2 bedroom home is located in the heart of the Madrona  neighborhood. This cozy home offers a nice kitchen that opens on to a private deck overlooking the beautiful gardens.Whether walking up to quaint Madrona town for a scoop of ice cream or driving downtown to lovely Pike Place Market, this house offers both location and a charming place to relax in your off time.Craftsman home perched above a quiet tree lined street in Madrona. Big porch. Big yard. Good light. Equal distance walk (just under a mile) to the shores of Lake Washington and Capitol Hill. 15 min bike, 10 min bus, $8-10 Uber to and from Downtown. Built in 1912 our home features box beamed ceilings, hardwood floors, a gas stove and a porcelain clawfoot bathtub, and two bedrooms with a queen and a twin/queen (pull out), respectively. Our home sleeps four comfortably.     Built above the street, and with great western exposure we enjoy the long day sun light from both our porch and terrace, as well as the back yard. Child friendly, the home is fully equipped with a main floor play room and basement romper room. Just a few blocks away from Madrona's shops, restaurants and grocers, the neighborhood is quite literally adjacent to the C.D. (Central District). Lake Washington, Capital Hill, and the Arboretum are a walk away, while Downtown, the International District, Pioneer Square, and theWe have a fabulous new home in the heart of one of the most desirable nghbrhoods in Seattle: beautiful Madrona. Views from our house are the skyline of Seattle and Olympic Mtns, & we are steps to lovely shops, restaurants and Madrona park and Lake WAThis cozy 1 bedroom apartment is located in Madrona, a residential neighborhood on the shores of Lake Washington. Madrona is a small, family-friendly neighborhood just west of downtown. It's close to Lake Washington, the Cascades, and Mt. Rainier. The Space This cozy 1 bedroom apartment is located in Madrona, a residential neighborhood on the shores of Lake Washington.  The Neighborhood Madrona is a small, family-friendly neighborhood just west of downtown. It's close to Lake Washington, the Cascades, and Mt. Rainier. There are lots of unique shops and restaurants in the commercial area of Madrona.  Getting Around There are several bus stops along the nearby East Cherry Street and 34th Avenue. Downtown Seattle is just over 2 miles away, so this apartment is a great place to come home to after a day of exploring or sightseeing. The two main expressways, I-5 and I-90, are also relatively close to the apartment which makes getting around the greater Seattle area easy.  Other Things to NotFirst floor 2BR duplex in a 1903 Central District home. Short walk to restaurants, bars and coffee shops. 4 bus lines nearby with easy access to Capitol Hill, Downtown, etc. Private entrance, full bath, kitchenette and a central but quiet location. 750 square foot unit in a classic home in one of Seattle's oldest neighborhoods. Two bedroom with space for extra guests, a kitchenette, full bath and plenty of room to relax. Private front entrance. Guests have optional access to laundry for an extra fee. Fully fenced front yard. We can be reached via text, phone and email throughout your stay. We live upstairs and our store is close by so we should be available any time. We're happy to offer suggestions for places to check out. Walking distance to shopping, food, drinks and parks. Less than a mile from Capitol Hill. Markets 2 blocks to farmers maket (Fridays) 2 blocks to Grocery/Mexican food truck 6 blocks to Madrona Market & Deli (convenience store) Food/Drink 3 blocks to Fats (chicken & Artistic and sustainable studio located in the charming neighborhood of Madrona. Comfy sleeping options, a chef's kitchen, green features throughout and transit connections steps away. Small town feel minutes from downtown. Family and dog friendly. My studio apartment is located in Pike Station; a highly sustainable and artistically designed live-work project in the fantastic neighborhood of Madrona. Pike Station won an AIA award two years ago and continues to be a demonstration of what thoughtful urban design can be. I'm very pleased to share my apartment with folks that appreciate the confluence  of design, comfort and sustainability. Access the unit from the westernmost gate on E. Pike St. I'm available so please don't hesitate to call with questions. Madrona is one of Seattle's best-kept secrets.  Come for a visit and see why the residents like it that way. We are a diverse, relaxed neighborhood with a small-town atmosphere just minutes from downtown. With numerous restaurants, cofThis is the perfect home for a family wanting to visit Seattle.  Easy walk one way to the lake another way to downtown.  Don't want to go far?  Walk across the street and kick a soccer ball in the park, walk to St. Clouds for a great dinner and then Molly Moons for a scoop of ice cream.  For just the adults, go to the Bottlehouse for a lovely glass of wine on the deck listening to local music.Private downstairs of a Madrona home (completely separate entrance, kitchenette & bathroom). Great location that is minutes from the all the sites and nightlife yet in a quite & safe neighborhood within 5 min walk of Lake Washington. Welcome to your own private suite in the beautiful and centrally located neighborhood of Madrona! Madrona has a lot to offer all within walking distance including beaches along Lake Washington, great restaurants and bars, and spacious parks. The home is a 2-story duplex located 10 minutes of Capitol Hill (a neighborhood that features Seattle's top bars and restaurants), 15 mintues from downtown Seattle, and 10 minutes from Fremont. The home was recently renovated in 2013 and features a separate suite on the first floor with a private entrance, bedroom, kitchenette, and bathroom. The home is a on quiet street right next to the park with plenty of parking. The room features a day bed with a pull out trundle bed. There is an option to convert the day bed intoNeed a place to land in Seattle? This studio has a great central location near Capitol Hill, not far from Pioneer Square and all of the exciting downtown area shops, bars, and nightlife. Just a hop away from everything exciting in Seattle! Relax and enjoy quiet, comfort and convenience in the heart of Seattle!   This lovely 528 sq. ft. studio has an open floor plan with beautiful wood floors, a kitchen, and one full bath. There is also a convenient shared washer/dryer and your own parking spot. There is a large (~9,000,sq. ft.) fenced-in yard that can be enjoyed as well. This studio is tastefully furnished with every amenity (comfy furniture, kitchen items, linens, 70" Widescreen LED TV & Remote, Blue-ray Dolby 5.1 Home Theater System, Xbox 360 Game Systemetc.)  There is one queen bed and a nice size couch, so it can accommodate 3 people easily. The studio is located on the 1st floor of a triplex.  The studio is private, except for a washer and dryer that is shared with another unit.  Stylish & comfortable 2BD ground-level suite with sep. entrance, full bath, living room and kitchenette. Located on a quiet, tree-lined street just blocks from hip restaurants, boutiques, major bus lines and lakefront. And 15 mins to downtown by car! Our 900sqft ground floor mother-in-law apartment enjoys stylish details and all the comforts of home. It feels lived in, cared for, warm,  inviting and inspiring.  The suite offers one bedroom with a full sized bed, one bathroom, a TV /living room with a queen sized sleeper-sectional sofa, and an additional room for exercising (the second bedroom). If needed, we can accommodate a few additional guests on a queen sized inflatable mattress in the exercise room. The exercise room has a sliding barn door that allows for privacy when using it as a bedroom. We recently completed a renovation that has turned the laundry area into a beautiful kitchenette, complete with butcher block counters, subway tile, sink, fridge, microwave, toaster, coffee, The best of all worlds - a retreat like setting, Lake Washington 3 blocks away and downtown Seattle a bus ride away.  Relax in a light filled cozy space in the woods.   Enjoy views of Lake Washington in a private well appointed home and neighborhood. It's impossible not to wonder "who lives in that house in the woods".  One of the more unique settings in a city setting - literally in the woods.  Fine wood work and details throughout the remodeled 1905 home.  Wood burning stove on the main floor and gas burning stove on the lower level.   Kitchen is fully stocked to manage all your meals, but why would you do that with One of Seattle Best  2015 Restaurants in the neighborhood -Vendemmia and downtown so close.  (URL HIDDEN) The home is accessed via a trestle bridge with street parking on both sides of the bridge. Persons who have ambulatory issues may find access to the home challenging.  Persons with small children may also find the house challenging due to the location in a ravine, an Exceptional Studio in newer home, high end furnishings and bed located minutes from Arboretum, French Bakery, restaurants and bars. Mini Kitchen and guest bathroom make this a steal for 1 or 2. Access to beautiful outdoor garden with waterfall & pond Comfortable for 2 and easily accessible to public transit or free parking in front of property. Stocked refrigerator, snack pantry with fully stocked mini-kitchen for quick meals in or re-heat from one of the delicious eateries in the neighborhood. Checking in- Please contact the owner with an arrival time so keys can be made available for you.  Additional information for use of the property is available at check in. No Smoking allowed. Access to outdoor space permitted. Your privacy will be respected and your level of interaction with owners is optional outside of check in. Please note there are 2 small dogs on the property which may be encountered if using the outdoor space. They are friendly barkers. Madison Park is a walking, biking neNice and comfortable  studio loft  in a good neighborhood close to good restaurants, grocery stores and close to downtown (15 min in bus that you take across street or 10 min by car). Nice and comfortable industrial loft. All loft except closet storage You can reach by phone, email or (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) Nice and safe neighborhood with good restaurants for brunch and dinner. Close to the lake. you can take an amazing walk to Madrona beach just 3 blocks from the house. You will love the area! Transportation is available by bus (line 2 , 3) . It will take you to Downtown, Capitol hill  and other neighborhoods . If you rent a car you can park on the street. It is easy to park on the street .Come stay in our family friendly apartment. The unit is located in the lower section of our house and is fully furnished for your comfort. Only a few blocks from Madrona shops and restaurants and beside major bus lines going everywhere in Seattle! To access your apartment, use the pathway on the right side of the property. Go down the few steps and you should find the door! Detailed instructions for accessing the property will be provided upon booking. We will likely be available if you need anything during your stay. The easiest is to use the AirBnB messaging system. Madrona is a family friendly neighborhood. With shops, restaurants and parks a few blocks away from the property. The property is very close to major bus lines: Convenient bus lines: #8 (North/West to Capitol Hill, to Seattle Center/Lower Queen Anne; South to Rainier Beach) #2 (West to Downtown; East to Madrona) #48 (North to University District; South to Rainier Beach)Quiet residence just 15 min to anywhere in Seattle. Enjoy the top notch restaurants & boutiques of Capitol Hill,  Madison Park & downtown.  Night Clubs on Pike/Pine. Blocks from Arboretum & shores of  Lake WA. EZ access to UW. Ample parking + buses. The listing I offer is also my own home.    By keeping one of the two bedrooms as a storage room, I can quickly organize a clean home for my guests.   This space may seem very furnished relative to other Airbnb listings. The back yard and sun deck is lovely for a book, coffee or practicing your golf swing. There are 2 sliding closets in the hallway and kitchen, as well as the closet in the bedroom.   Please respect the contents that are inside; I'll  be glad to share if you ask first.      The refrigerator will usually have some food and basics; you are welcome to any condiments (like cream for coffee, etc) Keep me updated on your arrival time.  I am pretty flexible any time after 1pm.   I will hand the key to you then.   When you need assi1,200 sq feet 1920's craftsman just blocks from downtown Madrona and walking distance to Lake Washington. 1 mile from Capitol Hill with 2 easy bus routes downtown.  Our home has two bedrooms and one couch and is filled with art we've collected ove Our 1920's craftsman is filled with art we've collected over the years, hardwood floors, an a great outdoor space. 2 queen beds and a couch. The entire home is yours, including washer and dryer in the basement. We are happy to offer our favorite city and neighborhood places when you book, and to advise on any questions you might have when you are here! Madrona packs a lot of adorable wine bars and shops into the small main strip. There are walking trails east of us that head to the lake, and our favorite dock to jump off of, as well as scenic bike rides and partial view of the city which is only a mile away by foot, bus or car. Gorgeous homes on the crest of the hill make for beautiful walks in the morning after grabbing  or making coffee in Cute and cozy cottage in the heart of Madrona. Sleeps 2 comfortably, option for a full sized air mattress upon request. Fully equipped kitchen, wifi, bathtub, record player and easy access to great neighborhood shops and restaurants. Feel at home in Seattle in your 650 sq ft cottage. Fully equipped kitchen, record player (with lots of records!) little library of art books, super comfortable queen bed, tub and lots of detailed accents make for a comfortable stay. Guests have access to whole first floor of cottage, back and front yards. Easy access to neighborhood, bus lines and lots of free street parking. I am always available via text/phone: ((PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) for anything. Since I split my time between Madrona and Vashon Island I am not always in the vicinity but have point people if anyone is needed. Madrona is a small town within Seattle. Everyone knows each other and a lot have been here a long time. All the stores/restaurants/cafes are all still mom&pop. Best gem in Seattle! This is a chic and cozy, comfortable room in a beautiful craftsman house in Madrona neighborhood 5 minutes from downtown.  Easy to walk, bike, bus from here.  Just 2 blocks from cute shops and restaurants.  This is the home of a small loving family.Charming one-bedroom apartment with craftsman detail. Enjoy the sunrise over the Cascade Mountains. Full kitchen. Free parking. Dog-friendly yard. Fireplace. Private deck. Short walk to Lake Washington and Madrona shops and restaurants. Your hosts are fellow Airbnb travelers and we've invested a ton of energy into creating the best possible experience for our guests. The space is a full apartment located in the lower level of our craftsman bungalow, charmingly built in 1912. It has a large living room facing east with epic views of the sunrise Cascade Mountains and period details, including a working fireplace. The bedroom is perfect for getting a good night's sleep - it's cozy and dark and has a premium queen size memory foam bed. The kitchen features full-sized appliances, including a dishwasher, and a handful of pantry staples to make cooking easy. Step outside to a private deck with a Weber grill and a picnic table. If you bring your furry friend, we have a fenced in backyard and aWe have a recently remodeled sweet, clean, cheery, MIL  apartment on the first floor of our 1901 Craftsman home in the historic Madrona neighborhood.  We are on the bus line, blocks from cafes, restaurants and lovely Lake Washington.    The is a MIL apartment on the first floor of our 1901 Craftsman home.  It has been recently remodeled with a full kitchen, heated floors in the bathroom and kitchen, a cozy gas stove, a queen sleep number bed, a propane grill, patio, TV, cable and wifi.  The apartment is ideally suited to fit one or two people but a small family may be comfortable if the children sleep on the small sofas.  Please let us know if you need extra bedding for a child. We live in on the premises but have a separate entrance.  We should be around if you need anything.  We are friendly but do not have expectations that you are here to hang out with us. This apartment is in one of Seattle's loveliest neighborhoods.  You will be staying among large, historic homes in an urban oasWelcome to the neighborhood of Madrona, Seattle. Our home is located in a quiet residential neighborhood 8 minutes by car to Downtown (free parking at home) or 20 minutes by bus (on two bus lines) and within walking distance to Lake Washington. On the 2nd floor of a 4 bedroom home, the room is bright, clean, and comfortable with a queen size bed. A half-bath is attached to this room. A full bath is right out the bedroom door on the main floor. The home is shared by your two hosts who may or may not be home at the time. In a pinch, additional rooms can be made available if you are traveling with more than 2 people. Occasionally the whole home may be available. Please inquire. Guests are welcome to the use of the main floor which includes the the TV den, kitchen, living and bathroom. Other private rooms may also become available if you are traveling with more than 2 people and the hosts are out of town. Relax in the TV room, save money and make a lunch in the kitchen, wander the arborealCharming 1914 craftsman in Madrona neighborhood w/breathtaking views of Lake Washington, Mt Rainier and Cascades.  One block from lake. Easy walking distance to waterfront beaches and shops, restaurants. Two blocks from bus stop to downtown Seattle.  Free and easy street parking in quiet Madrona neighborhood.Blocks from the heart of Madrona with easy access to Capitol Hill, Downtown, and the U-District, this charming, recently remodeled home is perfect for work or play. Just blocks from the heart of Madrona and located near public transit, this recently remodeled home is truly charming!  Walk to the Hi-Spot Cafe for breakfast or coffee, Bottlehouse for wine, Mollie Moon's for ice cream, and Red Cow for a great steak!  10 minutes to Downtown; 5 minutes to Capitol Hill; and 15 to the UW! Guests will have access to the full house, including a full kitchen, dining room, and living room on the first floor, bonus room in the basement, and office upstairs.  No cable, but wifi and Netflix are provided!  Two bedrooms, each with queen size beds, are located in the basement and the second floor, giving plenty of privacy.  Each also has its own full bath.  If necessary, an air mattress can be provided to turn the office into a third bedroom. If it's sunny, the back deck is a lovely place to sit and haOur quiet comfortable one bedroom Casita is   centrally located in the eclectic Madrona neighborhood just minutes from Lake Washington, and near down town with lots of good food and coffee! Welcome to our cozy, quiet Madrona Casita. Our modern, light filled one bedroom apartment was just constructed in 2013 so everything feels like new. We have a passion for recycled materials so we used as many as possible in creating this lovely space. The casita features a private entrance, full kitchen and bathroom, and a private patio in our small, intimate garden. If you stay during the Summer, the garden will provide blueberries and raspberries for you to enjoy! Other highlights include heated floors, walk in shower, fully equipped kitchen, access to laundry and a real bed (mattress was purchased new just after construction). We are across the street from a very special park that was created and continues to be maintained by our neighbors. You can stroll through the trails or sit on a bench withTop floor corner room with amazing views in the charming Madrona neighborhood of Seattle. Hardwood floors, crown molding, nice breezes in the hot summer months, and original artwork make this a unique and relaxing place to stay! Top floor of lovely 1908 home shared with two roommates. You'll have the third bedroom, with gorgeous views both west and north over the valley. The sunsets from here are amazing! Note that since the current photos were taken the furnishings have changed a little in the room (I've added a small desk). Shouldn't really impact you, just mentioning it so you're not surprised. Also we have a big family table in our dining room now! Updated photos coming soon :) Access to shared living room, kitchen, bathroom, and covered balcony. For stays longer than 3 days, access to laundry can be arranged during daytime hours. You'll have over-door hooks to hang a few things, and two drawers available in a small dresser. Tell me what brings you to Seattle and I'll be happy to oBlocks from the heart of Madrona with easy access to Capitol Hill, Downtown, and the U-District, this charming, recently remodeled home is perfect for work or play. Just blocks from the heart of Madrona and located near public transit, this recently remodeled home is truly charming! Walk to the Hi-Spot Cafe for breakfast or coffee, Bottlehouse for wine, Mollie Moon's for ice cream, and Red Cow for a great steak! 10 minutes to Downtown; 5 minutes to Capitol Hill; and 15 to the UW! Warning: the ceilings are a little low, but the bedroom gets great light, which we think makes up for it! Guests will have access to the downstairs (sitting area, bedroom, and bathroom) and backyard/deck.  If guests would like to use the washer/dryer upstairs, just ask! We will be around (as will our dog!) during your stay to answer any questions or give suggestions during your visit! Madrona is a charming, well-located neighborhood with cute restaurants, coffee shops, and bars. Close to public transit, plus lMadrona is a lovely residential neighborhood, close to Lake Washington, 10 minutes to downtown by car and 20 minutes by bus. Coffee shops, pubs and restaurants right around the corner. Apt is in an old funky building with original kitchen, wood floors and homey feel. Old building, so definitely a bit worn but comfy. The water pressure is low and sometimes the WIFI is a bit slow. Nice coffee shop around the corner . Nice restaurants, pub and library Walk to Lake Washington. Nice quiet and residential. Close to Capitol Hill and downtown. On bus routes 2 and 3 close to no 8*SPECIAL OFFER* Available for 6 month discounted rental from November - April.  Please message us for pricing. Super cute home right on 34th Avenue - blocks to everything Madrona has to offer (restaurants, bars, parks, etc.) and a short cab/bus ride from Seattle's tourist attractions.  Three bedrooms - 1 king size bed, 1 queen, and 1 pull-out couch.  Two full bathrooms.  Accommodates 4 people comfortably in beds and up to 6 if you use the pull-out couch.  Fully fenced yard with small cedar hot tub.   *Please note this listing is typically only available on Friday and Saturday evenings (with late Sunday checkouts).  Please inquire for exceptions* **Special pricing and contract required for video production shoots.  No filming on premises without written consent from homeowners.Secluded in a cul-de-sac above the Lake Washington, the only thing between you and the lake are trees. The spacious 1 bedroom apartment occupies the entire floor with private entrance and patio. Lake view from every room. Mt. Rainier visible on patio This is the bottom floor of a charming English Tutor home.  The owner lives on top two floors with two little dogs.  The apartment is self-contained and has plenty of windows and daylight.  A covered patio facing garden, woods, and lake. Guests enter through the private entrance on the left side of the house. They  have the  entire floor and access to the yard, patio space, grill, and a dedicated parking spot just steps away. The owner will be available some of the time to assist guests. Set over Lake Washington in the cul-de-sac of a dead-end street, this property is secluded, yet convenient.  You have views of the lake and Mt. Rainier.  It is in one of the most sought-after neighborhoods in Seattle. Your walk along the Lake Washington isRental home in the heart of Seattle's enchanting Madrona neighborhood; lot borders City forest and walking trail to public beach on Lk WA. 3 blocks walk from neighborhood center: playgrounds, shops, & restaurants. 10 min to dntwn & I-90, 15 min to UW This rental home is a perfect for those looking for a place to live while in search of permanent residence OR needing extended time in the Seattle area.  FULLY FURNISHED and newly rebuilt from the foundation, this home incorporates open space while still having 4 bedrooms and 3 full bathrooms.  Well-designed open kitchen that flows into living and dining space, with stainless steel appliances:  gas range, microwave, dishwasher, and side-by-side fridge/freezer with water/ice dispenser.  No-slam drawers throughout house, paper stone countertops throughout, hardwoods and Berber carpet, two small decks, one off main floor and one off lower level.  Main floor has living room with cable hook up, dining room, full bathroom, bedroom, kitchen, entrWell-appointed private suite: bedroom, living room w/ fireplace and flat-screen TV, kitchenette, and private bath. Close to downtown and buses. Walk to Lake and dining in Madrona. Includes fresh fruit, cereal, local yogurt, coffee, shampoos, etc. This spacious suite offers plenty of privacy and top quality finishes and amenities.  There is a bedroom, large living room with TV and (gas) fireplace, radiant floor heat an air conditioning, dining table for 4, and kitchenette with microwave, coffee maker, frig... With a separate bedroom and top-end sleep sofa, the suite accommodates four people but it's also comfy for a single person.  *** Great time to visit. We are putting in new flooring this fall so it will be fresh and nice for your visit! We provide: hair dryer and magnifying mirror, shampoos and soaps, umbrellas, cereal, coffee, yogurt, milk, cream, fresh fruit, and tips for fun things to do in the neighborhood, in Seattle and nearby. Washer and dryer available by request. The suite Close to cafes, restaurants, and parks with easy access to bus lines downtown and all directions in a very walkable neighborhood on a quiet street.  Sunny bedroom with French doors and bay window, Moroccan inspired living room and full kitchen. Great location easy walk to Madrona, Madison, and central district shops and restaurants.  Plenty of on street parking. Off street parking available if needed.  Please note that a flat screen TV is available for guest use, however, I do not have cable, so if you want to watch your favorite shows or a movie please bring a laptop to hook up to the TV.  HDMI cord provided.   You will have your own private indoor and outdoor space.  You might see my housemate who lives in a separate mother-in-law around the back of the house coming and if you come when veggies are available in the garden boxes you are welcome to help yourself!    Quiet location but close to commercial areas. I love st. Cloud's for brunch, Essential Bakery and Cortona cafe for coffeeHome away from home. This is the perfect home for a family or 2 families. Great communal spaces, with open floor plan, nice yard, stocked kitchen, tons of toys and games. So convenient to downtown in a wonderful neighborhood. Walk to coffee shops, parks, bars, restaurants, Lake Washington, farmers market,  ice cream shop, cupcake cafe, local wine shop and boutiques. So much more. Easy with or without a car. We love our home and hope you do too. We have 3 bedrooms on the upper floor. One with a queen bed, and 2 with a twin bed. There is also a full bath upstairs. The main floor has an open floor plan with a powder room. The basement is finished and has an additional queen bed. We also have a queen and a twin air mattress for additional children if 2 families stay. We also have a pack n play and high chair.  There is street parking, and we have a nice backyard with patio and outdoor dining table and BBQ.  Our neighborhood (Madrona) is close to downtown. It's on the bus line and convenienCharming two bedroom garden-level suite with sep. entrance, full bath, gas fireplace, pull-out couch, mini-kitchen, views of Lake Washington. 10 mins from downtown and within walking distance of beaches, shops & restaurants. This garden apartment has it's own entrance through one of three french doors overlooking the back garden and patio, which is free for you to use.  There are two bedrooms, one with glass french doors the open onto the living room and a second set of french doors that open onto the garden with a view of the lake and one more private bedroom with a small window. There is a large open living room area with TV, large couch that pulls into a double bed, and gas fireplace. There is a small kitchen with sink, microwave, fridge, toaster and coffee maker, but no stove or oven. The bathroom has a shower and separate tub.  There is on-street parking and the house is a 10 minute drive to downtown, 5 minutes to Capitol Hill, 15 minutes to the University district and within easyThis is a basement unit with shoji screened windows that allow for privacy plus light. The bed is comfortable, the kitchen is well equipped, the bathroom has heated tile floors. It has a separate entrance from the house.  On street parking. Enter a peaceful space in the lower unit of a private home with a garden on a quiet street.  Located in the University District with access to public transportation to most areas in and around Seattle, especially downtown.  Easy walking distance to the UW, bookstores, coffee shops, restaurants, movie theaters, upscale and downscale clothing stores, grocery stores, and pleasant green spaces.  Shoji screens are on all the windows of the apartment so it is light and private.  The kitchen is equipped with a gas stove, a refrigerator and everything you need to cook with, eat off of and drink out of.  Filtered water is in the refrigerator.  Tea and coffee are provided along with some fresh fruit and cookies or a quick bread.  There are a lot of grocery stLarge 2 bdr 2 baths apt with many Luxuries on Quiet Street walk to UW, Ravenna park, University Village, Trail.  2 blocks to every bus line in Seattle,  4-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and the Eastlake.  Located in a quiet cul-de-sac neighborhood, this two bedroom Apartment is spacious and surrounded by trees and fresh air:  *Two Bedrooms/ Two Bathrooms  * Fully Furnished. * Kitchen is simply equipped. * Ceiling fans in dining room and two bedrooms  * Intercom Controlled Access.  * Washer/Dryer/Dishwasher/Microwave Oven/ Disposal in the unit  * Flat screen TV with powerful antenna receiving 60 more channels more than basic cable. * 3rd floor quiet corner with with thick dense carpet and no pets in the building. * Private Deck * most leather furniture  * Easy to find street parking or an assigned remote controlled garage parking space at a small fee  * Controlled entrance with intercom * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normallyPrivate apt suite in 100 year old English Tudor within easy walk of the Univ of Wash, university retail area, Farmer's Market and University Village, Seattle's unique, open-air shopping/dining destination. Also close to Seattle Children's hospital. This space is a private apartment with its own entrance in the lower level of a lovely, 100 year old English Tudor home known as University Park Manor. The apartment consists of 4 rooms plus bathroom with shower. A large master bedroom area with queen bed, pullout couch and flat screen TV, together with an adjoining kitchen and bathroom form a complete studio apartment. Two adjacent rooms separated by a closeable door contain a trundle bed for two and small desk with a separate entry room for coats, shoes, luggage and bikes. Additional guests beyond two may be accommodated for an additional fee. The kitchen is newly remodeled and includes an eating area complete with all kitchen utensils to provide your own meals if desired.  Cable TV, DVD pPrivate room in the large  quiet 2-bdr/2-baths/W/D condo. A friendly UW student stays in the other room .   Walk to UW, Ravenna park, U Village, Trail.  2 blocks to many bus line in Seattle,  4-8 min drive to Children Hospital, 15 min to downtown. Share this spacious two bedroom apt with a UW friendly & respectful and quiet UW male student. You have your own large room with  a new queen bed with a very thick and comfy memory foam mattress and private bath.  You are welcome to use the equipped kitchen and living room.  The internet connection is good too. This furnished large two bedroom apt is located in the quiet and convenient Bryant/Ravenna neighborhood. Located in a quiet cul-de-sac neighborhood but short walk to U Village and UW, this two bedroom Apartment is spacious facing the Burg Gilman trails with many trees and fresh air:  *Two Bedrooms/ Two Bathrooms  *dining table and chairs, TV  and new sleeper sofa. * Equipped Kitchen   * Intercom Controlled Access.  * Washer/Dryer/DishwBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 2-person shared room. *This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space.* Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene.  Connecting people through new ideas and technology is a huge part of what we do. You can expect demos and talks from people doing incredible work. We love when our guests want to show off something they are working on or are passionate about.  Our residents attend myriad events in technology around the city, and it is likely you will expand your network during your stay. From researchers at the University of Washington, to indie game developers, to interns at (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), we are proud to host a diverse group of hackers, makers and entrepreneurs. Just inquire to apply. We offer cowThis is a one bedroom apartment one block from the University of Washington. Its a quiet corner apartment with a balcony with coffee and modest breakfast. I sleep on the pull out couch and I have a small friendly dog. Close to buses going downtown. Proximity to the university is great. Walk one block (which takes me about 1 minute) and you are on the northeast end of campus, which is convenient to the Burke Museum and Paccar.  There is laundry on my floor, 1.75 to wash and 1.75 to dry Please note I have a small dog. Guests have access to the entire apartment. I go to bed around 10 pm so cable would not be available at that time since the television is located in the living room.  On nights where the price is listed as 100$ it is likely that I will not be in town for most of or all of the visit so the access changes to the entire apartment.  Breakfast options include coffee, tea, cereal, toast with jam and cream cheese, instant grits and oatmeal. I am very busy and keep to myself but amArt studio has bamboo floors, high beamed ceiling, beautiful cedar wood. Rustic feel to it with urban life 5 min walk away.  Access to yoga studio in main building, 3/4 bath & coffee/microwave/mini fridge & Wi fi.  Meditation classes complimentary. Guests looking for a quiet creative space yet want access to a bustling urban environment will enjoy this little studio.  Writers, artists and dreamers can enjoy a sumptuous brand-new sofa bed, bamboo floors,  and beautiful rustic cedar wood walls and ceilings.  Snuggle in bed with a book or work on a novel at the fold-out oak table. Adjustable task lighting helps to illuminate art projects or create a romantic mood. The bathroom is located downstairs  within the main house by the yoga studio. A side bar with a Keurig coffee maker, a microwave, mini fridge is also available, along with an assortment of coffees, teas and filtered water. Guests can access the yoga studio in main building for private or group practice. Meditation classes are coIt's a bedroom close to UW in 3 minutes walk.In the first floor with a basement and large balcony and good lighting.We provide fridge, oven,microwave and cooking utensils.Close to safeway,QFC,gas station,shopping mall, restarant,bus station and P.O.This room is spacious, clean and comfortable only two blocks away from the University & 10 minutes on the bus to Downtown. Some of the best coffee shops, movie theaters, bookshops and ethnic restaurants are in the University District. Your room is up the stairs, 2nd door on the left once you reach the top. The Bathroom light is on the wall to the left, outside the door. It is furnished with a queen bed, small fan, reading lamps and closet space with hangers.  The bedrooms don't have individual locks on the doors. Out of 500+ guests we have hosted in our 4 houses we have never had a single issue with security. There are 4 airbnb rooms that share the upstairs bathroom, please keep that in mind. Also, please open the window during and or after your shower to cut down moisture buildup. Guests have access to the kitchen, living and dining rooms, bathrooms, etc. Basically the entire home.  Please refrain from buying and storing large amounts of groceries. There is space for smaller items andSimple, but comfortable room in Ravenna/University District, walking distance to UW and Greenlake. Nice, quiet neighborhood close to plenty of restaurants, bars, and shops. Great bus access to anywhere else in Seattle. (If booked, ask for other room) In addition to your private room and shared bathroom, you'll have access to the front room (TV, piano, fire place), kitchen (store food in fridge brew coffee, plenty of cookware and dishes, brita pitcher), laundry (downstairs in the basement, please ask and I'll show you), and a beautiful back patio that is a great place to keep cool and relax during warm weather. I am always available by phone if you need anything and I usually check in regularly to see if there is anything I can do to make your stay better. If I'm around, I'm happy to chat or grab a drink. I love meeting guests and getting to know more about them, but if you want to just be on your own, that's great too. I'll follow your lead! It's a great residential neighborhood with pPerfect Location: Center of East L./Greenlake, Fremont, and DT SEA! Steps from Burke -G Trail, Lake Union & University of Washington! - Private Bed/Bathroom, Queen Mattress! Neighborhood Scores:  Walk: 98 Bike :91 Transit: 74 all = excellent/best! **Quick note, I have hosted over 40 guests and have superhost qualifications. I wanted my place to get exposure to whole families as well as people looking for just a room. If you want to read reviews about me please ask for my AIRBNB URL!  The Bedroom is quite spacious - large closet w/ hangers - 2 level table for clothes or your things   - Platform Queen bed 10' Memory Foam "IQ" Mattress  - European ironing board and nice iron - Private bathroom in the room w/  complimentary amenities: Shave cream , hair product, blow dryer, men/female name brand body wash, bar soap, clean loofah & wash cloth, extra linens, body lotion, shampoo, conditioner, Q tips, Etc.  - night stand:  (2 outlets on back of it). Night stand contains a 10+ page guidebook (This room is spacious, clean, peaceful and comfortable only a few blocks away from the University, 10 minutes on the bus to Downtown. Some of the best coffee shops, movie theaters, bookshops and ethnic restaurants are in the University District. Your room is up the stairs, 1st door on the left. The Bathroom light is on the wall to the left, outside the door. It is furnished with a full bed, small fan, dresser and closet space with hangers.  There are 3 rooms plus myself that share the upstairs bathroom. Please keep that in mind. Please also turn on small fan during and or after shower to cut down moisture buildup. Guests have access to kitchen, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, etc. Basically the entire home. Please refrain from buying and storing multiple days groceries. There is just not enough fridge space to accommodate all house guests private food plus communal breakfast. Depending on my schedule I would love to meet the guests and help them get acquainted with the citUpstairs bedroom with a double-sized bed in vintage home (1917) in University District, shared guest bathroom between two guest rooms, myriad of local inexpensive eateries (no kitchen available), easy access to downtown. Cozy bedroom with double bed on second floor of this house.  Residential urban street in vibrant, lively neighborhood.  Very diverse population in University District - students from all over the world, professionals and artists and eclectic residents.  You find it all in the U District. Shared guest bathroom between two guest rooms.  Upstairs bedroom, windows facing south and southwest. Family is either on-site or available by phone/text to answer questions.  We stay in the background, to let you enjoy your Seattle stay.  A list of local eateries and activities is available in your room. Restaurants, coffee shops and nightlife within walking distance on University Way NE.  Whole Foods, Trader Joe's and Safeway 3-6 blocks. We have a diverse range of urban residents in Join us in one of the most accessible parts of Seattle.  It's a 5 minute walk to the UW campus, a 15 minute bus ride to downtown, and 15 minute bus ride to Northgate Mall.  Located just one mile from Gas Works Park, our private bedroom awaits you. Our space features a loft style bed that lifts you into your own private haven away from the cares of the world.  Grab a good book and relax in bed, then hop down below for your own private office space.  We are located on the first floor and the room has a big window to let in the sun (if the Seattle sun comes out that is). Our apartment includes a spacious bathroom, living room, and kitchen. My wife and I are usually in town and are happy to give advice about great attractions to visit, etc. during your stay.  We love to explore Seattle and are always happy to share recommendations for our favorite places with you.  I speak English and Chinese and Katy speaks English and Spanish. We are on the border of the U-District and Wallingford, whichPrivate, furnished room in a 3-bdr apartment in U district with full kitchen. Walking distance to UW, the ave (restaurants, etc.) and grocery stores. I am willing to give discounted price. Female preferred upon roommates' request.This room is spacious, clean and comfortable only two blocks away from the University & 10 minutes on the bus to Downtown. Some of the best coffee shops, movie theaters, bookshops and ethnic restaurants are in the University District. Your room is up the stairs, 1st door on the left once you reach the top. The Bathroom light is on the wall to the left, outside the door. It is furnished with a queen bed, small fan, reading lamps and closet space with hangers.  The bedrooms don't have individual locks on the doors. Out of 500+ guests we have hosted in our 4 houses we have never had a single issue with security. There are 4 airbnb rooms that share the upstairs bathroom, please keep that in mind. Also, please open the window during and or after your shower to cut down moisture buildup. Guests have access to the kitchen, living and dining rooms, bathrooms, etc. Basically the entire home.  Please refrain from buying and storing large amounts of groceries. There is space for smaller items andThis room is spacious, clean and comfortable only two blocks away from the University & 10 minutes on the bus to Downtown. Some of the best coffee shops, movie theaters, bookshops and ethnic restaurants are in the University District. Your room is up the stairs, 2nd door on the right once you reach the top. The Bathroom light is on the wall to the left, outside the door. It is furnished with a queen bed, small fan, reading lamps and closet space with hangers.  The bedrooms don't have individual locks on the doors. Out of 500+ guests we have hosted in our 4 houses we have never had a single issue with security. There are 4 airbnb rooms that share the upstairs bathroom, please keep that in mind. Also, please open the window during and or after your shower to cut down moisture buildup. Guests have access to the kitchen, living and dining rooms, bathrooms, etc. Basically the entire home.  Please refrain from buying and storing large amounts of groceries. There is space for smaller items anThe apartment is located on the edge of University of Washington campus. It's a 1 minute walk to UW, 3 minute walk to nearest bus station. Perfect for travelers visiting UW & Seattle. The location of the space is ideal for travelers visiting UW & Seattle. The apartment is a three bedroom with two bathrooms. Guests will have the whole bedroom to themselves. Kitchen and living areas are also open to guests to use.This room is cozy, clean and comfortable only two blocks away from the University & 10 minutes on the bus to Downtown. Some of the best coffee shops, movie theaters, bookshops and ethnic restaurants are in the University District. Your room is on the main floor of the house. Upon entry it will be directly to the left of the main stairs, with your bedroom being the door on the right.  It is furnished with a full/XL sized bed, small fan, reading lamps, private access to the front porch and hanging space for clothing. The bedrooms don't have individual locks on the doors. Out of 500+ guests we have hosted in our 4 houses we have never had a single issue with security. Your bathroom is actually located in the basement. Please use the hallway to the right of the main staircase. Take a left away from the kitchen and head down the stairs with the bathroom being at the base of that staircase.  The light switch is on the outside of the door on the left-hand side. Guests have access to the kitchPrivate entry mother-in-law apartment in well lit basement of grand Ravenna / Roosevelt home. 2bd+1 small bath, kitchen, perfect  retreat after exploring Green Lake or U District, both nearby. Conveniently located near shops and restaurants. Location is awesome, near Roosevelt shops and restaurants, equidistant from Green Lake and U District. Block and a half from Cowen Park / Ravenna Park. Although it is a basement apartment, it is well lit and has lots of windows. Private, separate keyed entry. Washer/Dryer, full kitchen, two bedrooms. Key drop off, tour and key pick-up will be guided by host Aaron or his wife Kate. Both are available by text, phone or email for follow-up questions. Restaurants, shops, proximity to parks. Express bus picks up a few blocks away for downtown Seattle. Other buses run nearby for quick access elsewhere. Small bathroom! Basement apartment means you may hear footsteps overhead!Identity is located in the U District. Each studio apt includes a full bathroom, kitchenette, washer/dryer, Murphy Bed, and Patio. Plus, all guests get access to the amazing rooftop deck, which includes an outdoor TV, grill, & fire pit. All of our studios are smartly designed to make the space feel larger than expected and everything about the studios are sleek and modern. Every unit includes a full, designer bathroom, washer & dryer, kitchenette with cooking hot plate, sleek Murphy Bed with sofa, 42" TV with DirecTV service, and high-speed internet. Every guest gets access to the building's amenities, which includes an expansive rooftop deck with an outdoor TV, grill, fire pit, and tons of seating. Access is provided via an electronic key fob. Identity Seattle is professionally managed. Our leasing and management office is located just 8 blocks from Identity, so we're here to help. We also are available 24/7/365 for emergencies. The U District of Seattle is the University of WashingtoOne bed apartment (550 sq ft) with Queen bed and couch in the University District. Walking distance to the University and "the Ave" with lots of food and shopping, very close to the I-5, and only ~15 minutes to Downtown/Fremont/Ballard driving. I will be taking trips throughout the summer, and my whole place will be available when I go. I have a one bedroom apartment in the University District (550 sq ft), walking distance to the University and "the Ave" with lots of food and shopping, very close to the I-5, and only ~15 minutes driving to Downtown/Fremont/Ballard. My living room also has a couch and there is room for an air mattress if more people need to be accommodated.  I also have a cat, so for travelers estranged from their pets this could be perfect (purrfect?) for you! I have knocked down the price for guests who don't mind sharing the space with her (Norrie). Someone will be coming in/out to take care of her. I would also be willing to lower the price further if guests are intBright, airy rooftop studio in heart of U District, 2 min from The Ave. Major Metro bus lines nearby. Sliding door opens to rooftop deck - plants, bird feeders. Please send me a note asking about availability before you try to book. 4F - no elevator! Sunny airy rooftop studio 2 minutes from The Ave (cafes, restaurants, bookstores, pubs).  Small private space with kitchen and bathroom, ideal for 1 person.  Located in old building so it's not a modern unit by any means. Wear and tear, etc. Also, I live here when I am not doing airbnb so it has lived-in feel. Rooftop space shared with one other unit (though it's not heavily used).  Mini balcony right outside your patio door with plants & bird feeders.    Bed is a futon on the floor, no frame. Full size so can fit a couple.  Light and noise - it IS sunny and the curtains are not sun-blocking - you might need eye covers if you're not an early riser. And if you're a light sleeper, then you'll want to sleep with windows shut. Bathroom - waterIt has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100. This location is a Walker's Paradise so no car is required. Super comfortable, quiet and clean.This apt is on the top 3rd floor with intercom access. The window view of the  Brooklyn Ave is nice. Large clean furnished  studio on the 3rd floor facing  Brooklyn Ave with a open view which is rare in U District.  It has a large  private kitchen and bathroom. *Equipped kitchen and dining room and full bath (both bath and showers available) with towels and mat.  *Furniture include a queen bed, 2 rocking sofa chairs, large desk, desk chair  dining table and chairs.  *Quiet, conveniently located in the heart of U District. *Free business level wifi! *New Maytag washers and dryers in the building * Controlled secure access.  * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. Interesting! many tenants have asked me if the building is mostly empty for it is so quiet.  On the contrary, it is 95% fully occupied.  Due to the good insIt has a Walk Score of 94--Walker's Paradise. remodeled. The Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle, Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake Newly furnished one bedroom apartments in a quiet building only a 5 minute walk away from the University of Washington. It is located near 42nd St NE and 11 Ave. University Way is just two blocks over. Trader Joes, Safeway, Movie Theater, and a variety of diverse restaurants are a five minute walk away. Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour.  * Newly refinished hardwood floor  * Super comfortable 14" thick queen memory foam mattress. *New Furniture includes a queen bed, queen sleeper sofa,  coffee table, dining table, floor lamps and lamp. * Linens, blanket, towels, shampoo are provided. *Good internet reception. * A full private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen with a full-size fridge and a range. * New baseboard and paint * New fThis room is spacious, clean, peaceful and comfortable only a few blocks away from the University, 10 minutes on the bus to Downtown. Some of the best coffee shops, movie theaters, bookshops and ethnic restaurants are in the University District. Your room is downstairs through the dinning room, 1st door on the left of the bathroom. The Bathroom light is on the wall to the right, outside the door. It is furnished with a queen bed, small fan, dresser and closet space with hangers. Also with an optional roll-away twin bed for 3rd parties. There are 2 rooms plus daily use that share the downstairs bathroom. Please keep that in mind. Please also turn on small fan during and or after shower to cut down moisture buildup. Guests have access to kitchen, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, etc. Basically the entire home.  Please refrain from buying and storing multiple days groceries. There is just not enough fridge space to accommodate all house guests private food plus communal breakfLocation, location, location.. Convenience outside your doorsteps. Welcome to Your Home in the Emerald City. We have a great and charming apartment in a 100 year old building in Seattle, WA. just 1 block away from the University of Washington. A very comfortable Queen sized bed welcomes you to a good nights sleep. The apartment is the front of the building, facing the street and has a classic style.    Location, location, and location, this beautiful Studio is situated in one of the last beautiful brick buildings on the Ave.  The (600 sq ft) Apt is on the Second floor in a Vintage building with a charming traditional stair case. You will have the entire  apartment to yourselves. The studio. has 4 main areas: studio, walk in closet, bathroom and kitchen. The apartment is welcoming and warm. It has wifi, queen-size bed, Emily sectional couch that transform into a futon... comfortably fits 2, and a ikea salvo couch that transform into a futon. 1 heater, ALL NEW counter top and chairs, disThis is the most high quality and reasonable priced apartment in U- district.  I am renting this beautiful and clean apartment for half month starting on August 15th. The apartment will be furnished with beds, cable TV and internet. The unit itself comes with parking(with no extra cost) and is clean because you will be the first one to live in it.  The bedroom is big and I am thinking to move in my king bed for you. You can use anything inside the apartment. Please do not smoke inside the unit. I will be in the UW area living in my friend's place. I can answer all your question and help you get around this beautiful city. The apartment  is under safe management with a lock front door and responsible managers. This apartment has walk score of 91. It is 5 min walk to UW and also 5min walk to the Ave where all kinds of restaurants and bus lines locate. You can easily hop on a bus to travel around downtown and Bellevue.This elegant home SLEEPS 10 Guests. Centrally Located in Seattle's University District, this fully furnished 3 Bdrm/2-Bath, 2100 SF home and a kitchen that features a booth style eating area.Walk only 2 blocks to main drag of abudance restaurants etc YOUR OWN HOME: 2100 SF HUGE HOME- UniversIty District world charm is OH SO CLOSE to UW CAMPUS(half mile)/Seattle(4mile). This home has remained beautiful in its 1911  Elegant natural look full of CHARACTER. It has newly varnished hardwood in LR & Dining room. Plush New carpets through out home. 3 total bedrooms. 2 full bathrooms. LARGE DINING. Great for large groups. Main Floor-  Bedroom #1 has one queen size bed and  a bunk bed.(sleep 4) Bedroom #2  has a queen bed. (Sleeps 2) UPPER FLOOR: Bedroom #3 is Private large master bedroom suite with own private bathroom.   with 1 full size bed and 2 twin size bed. (Sleeps  4)  **********Max Occupancy: 10**********  **********Pet Policy: No Pets***********  ********** Complimentary Starter - coupA nice quiet apt with short walk to UW and the U Village shopping center. An awesome view of the mountain and lake from the 2nd floor shared deck. Ravenna Park and Burke-Gilman Trail and many bus stops just one or two blocks away. Quiet, cozy, private, scenic, and close to the University of Washington, the elegant, colonial-style Noble House Apts resides on a lush lot in a peaceful neighborhood in the U district. There are only 6 units in this professionally cleaned building. I do not live there.  The Noble House features neighborhood views and secluded courtyards, framed with lush trees. You can read or have barbecues on the balconies, which provide picturesque views of the city and the Lake. Nearby are parks and trails for walking or biking. You can walk to the University of Washington or the U Village within minutes. Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. There is a washer/dryer room on site. The apt available on the 2nd floor is  around 400 sq100 rare walk score!  3 min walk to UW. Clean and quiet, hardwood floor unit. Supermarkets, Movie Theater, and a variety of diverse 130 restaurants are a only five-minute walk away. Private Internet wifi provide you fast speed broadband. Furnished one bedroom apartments in a quiet building only a 5 minute walk away from the University of Washington. It is located near 42nd St NE and 11 Ave. University Way is just two blocks over. Trader Joes, Safeway, Movie Theater, and a variety of diverse restaurants are a five minute walk away. Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour.  *Professionally Cleaned *Hardwood floor *Fully equipped kitchen with a full-size fridge and a range and full bath with towels.  *Queen bed and a foldable twin mattress, washed area rugs around. *Sectional Sofa, dining table and 4 chairs. *coin-operated washing machines and dryers are on site. * Free internet access. Laundry room, wifi, polite managers and all of the excitement and Instead of staying in a hotel, be our guests in our spacious daylight basement apartment.  Close to major bus lines and the University of Washington, Children's Hospital.  Our luscious backyard is an urban oasis!       Our home has a lovely daylight basement apartment with a nice bedroom, kitchenette, 3/4 bathroom, and separate entrance that opens onto an Italian-style piazza. There is a large living room with a sleeper sofa and comfy reading chair. Laundry room is shared.  Kitchenette has everything you'll need for cooking away from home.  If something's lacking, we're just upstairs and happy to share.  Trader Joe's and Safeway are within walking distance, and Whole Foods is 3/4 of a mile away.  Room includes: - Queen-sized bed with clean linens. - Living room couch has hide-a-bed - Twin-mattress also available for use. -Small cot also available.   - Refrigerator (Freezer has some items from family) - 3/4 size stove and oven - Microwave - Gas BBQ (shared) - Clean dishes - WiFi - Desk It has a Walk Score of 100--Walker's Paradise. Corner Unit. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Furnished one bedroom apartments in a quiet building only a 5 minute walk away from the University of Washington.  * Brand new carpet (installed on 2/1/2015) * A beautiful solid coffee table with Cabriole legs,  beautiful Colonial solid dining table and chairs as well as Art Deco style sofa  * A full private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen with a full-size fridge and a range. *Furniture includes a queen bed, 2 sofas,  night stand, solid coffee table, dining table and chairs and and towels.  *good speed wifi provided *Flat screen TV with powerful antenna receiving 60 more channels more than basic cable.  *Fully equipped kitchen  *coin-operated washing machines and dryers are on site. *Only a few steps to this unit, NO long stairway toLarge 2 bdr 2 baths apt with many Luxuries on Quiet Street walk to UW, Ravenna park, University Village, Trail.  2 blocks to every bus line in Seattle,  4-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and the Eastlake.Identity is located in the U District. Each studio apt includes a full bathroom, kitchenette, washer/dryer, Murphy Bed, and Patio. Plus, all guests get access to the amazing rooftop deck, which includes an outdoor TV, grill, & fire pit. All of our studios are smartly designed to make the space feel larger than expected and everything about the studios are sleek and modern. Every unit includes a full, designer bathroom, washer & dryer, kitchenette with cooking hot plate, sleek Murphy Bed with sofa, 42" TV with DirecTV service, and high-speed internet. Every guest gets access to the building's amenities, which includes an expansive rooftop deck with an outdoor TV, grill, fire pit, and tons of seating. Access is provided via an electronic key fob. Identity Seattle is professionally managed. Our leasing and management office is located just 8 blocks from Identity, so we're here to help. We also are available 24/7/365 for emergencies. The U District of Seattle is the University of WashingtoIt has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean. 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft.New listing! It has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100--the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean. 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle, Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Beautiful room  for quiet guests!! One remodeled large clean furnished studio with private bathroom and efficient kitchen (no traditional oven and  burner but with toaster oven and microwave).  *105 mb blast internet 100% faster for mobile devise. *Simply equipped kitchenette  with fridge, stainless steel sink, microwave oven, toaster, electric pot, coffee maker  (no conventional oven, not suitable for cooking fancy food,  just for heating or boiling  food would be fine)  *remodeled shower bath with a new vanity and toilet with clean towels and mat.  *remodeled kitchen sink, granite counter top and cabinet with instant-hot. (there is no big stove, but a microwave oven, a slow cooker, and toaster oven.  * Full size bed and a sleep sofa.  *Quiet, conOur cozy two-bedroom craftsman is the upstairs portion of a duplex on a wonderful block in Ravenna. We're a block from two of our favorite cafes and Cowen Park, an easy stroll to great restaurants, Whole Foods and Safeway, and a walk or ride to UW. The house is set up for our family with a master bedroom with a king sized bed and a second bedroom with a crib and a single bed. There is a comfortable single mattress which can be put in the front room for an additional guest, if needed. There are two living rooms separated by french doors, a kitchen with a dining nook, and a back yard with a cement deck. The washer and dryer are in the basement and we share them with our great downstairs neighbors.  The house is from 1906, with details including original windows. There is easy-to-find street parking and bus stops in all direction for quick transportation. It's a clean, cozy place in a superb location. The entire apartment Ravenna/U-District is a family-filled neighborhood with easy accessThe unit is in a quiet, secure building in the University District. The room has its own bathroom, walk-in closet, full size bed and desk. It is a 5 minute walk to the UW's beautiful campus and a 15 minute bus ride to Downtown Seattle! Rooftop access, washer, dryer, dishwasher, full kitchen, private bathroom, secured access, wireless internet, patio Many restaurants within walking distance, downtown seattle/ fremont/ greenlake just a 15 minute bus ride away, five minute walk from beautiful University of Washington campus but still a very quiet locationIt has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Large clean furnished  studio on the 2nd floor facing  Brooklyn Ave with a open view which is rare in U District.  It has a large  private large kitchen and bathroom. *Fully equipped kitchen and dining room and full bath with towels and mat.  *Furniture include queen bed, leather love seat  sofa, desk, desk chair, TV, TV stand, dining table and chairs.  * Flat screen TV with powerful antenna receiving 60 more channels more than basic cable.  *Quiet, conveniently located in the heart of U District. *Free business level wifi! *New Maytag washers and dryers in the building * Controlled secure access.  * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. * Please make sure house rules are OK with you before you make inqIt has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean. 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Large clean furnished  studio on the 3rd floor facing  Brooklyn Ave with a open view which is rare in U District.  It has a large  private large kitchen and bathroom. *Fully equipped kitchen and dining room and full bath with towels and mat.  *Furniture include queen bed, Crate & Barrel quality  sofa, desk, desk chair, TV and TV stand,  dining table and chairs.  *Flat screen TV with powerful antenna receiving 60 more channels more than basic cable.  *Quiet, conveniently located in the heart of U District. *Free business level wifi! *New Maytag washers and dryers in the building * Controlled secure access.  * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. Interesting! many tenants have asked me if the building is The apartment has a full kitchenette with all cooking supplies, 1 full bathroom, 2 TV that already have chromecast with them so you can scream anything you want from your phone or computer to the internet.Comfortable private room available in our two bedroom, two cat apartment in the centrally located U-District. 10 minute walk to UW campus. Buses galore to take you wherever your heart desires. A cute private room with a comfortable single bed within our two bedroom apartment. Hardwood floors and calming green walls. Window lets in lots of natural light and a great view of Mt. Rainier on clear days. Furnished with a couple of well-stocked bookshelves, work desk, office chair, and comfy armchair for curling up with a book. You will have access to the rented bedroom, bathroom, kitchen and a portion of fridge space if needed, and dining room. Please respect our privacy in the living room/studio area, our bedroom, and the closet in the rented bedroom. Both of us work from home most of the time. We're happy to give advice on where to go and what to do in Seattle when we're not working, but won't be able to accompany you on excursions. This is a very walkable neighborhood with lots of amenitiLarge 1 bdr 1 bath apt with many Luxuries on Quiet Street walk to UW, Ravenna park, University Village, Trail.  2 blocks to every bus line in Seattle,  6-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and the Eastlake Located in a quiet cul-de-sac neighborhood, this one bedroom Apartment is spacious and bright, surrounded by trees and overlooking the U Village. Many amenities are included:   *washer/dryer inside the unit *dishwasher/garbage disposal/microwave * Private balcony with a great view to the mountain and Washington Lake and  U Village. * Strong private Internet access * Flat screen TV with powerful antenna from Channel 1 to Channel 986 * Controlled entrance with intercom * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. This bright, upgraded apartment is conveniently located, with a view of the city and University Village, an upscale, open-air shopping mall in the University District of Seattle. It is at a quiet cul-de100 yr renovated craftsman home 5 bedrooms & 4 baths make it ideal for renunions, weddings, professionals. Fully equiped kitchen, dining room spacious living room. front porch plenty of on/off street parking.  close to city, Walk to shops/restaurantsA classic style farm house in the heart of Seattle's Ravenna neighborhood, this home accommodates your large group with four bedrooms plus rec room. Close to shopping, markets and the prestigious University of Washington campus. With a swinging seat on the front porch, you can relax the day away with a good book or sip a drink and just take in the ambiance of the neighborhood.  As you walk into the timeless entry way, a box beam ceiling highlights the large main level.  The living room offers plenty of comfortable seating for board games or a movie on the 40" flat panel television.  A gourmet kitchen, allows you to cook up all your tasty finds from the local farmers market.  With a large dining area, there is room for everyone to dine together.  Enjoy a morning cup of coffee in the cozy sunroom next to the dining room or outside on the sundeck with views of the eastern mountains. The top floor boasts four bedrooms and full spacious bathroom.  Two of the bedrooms offer queen size beds, It has a Walk Score of 100 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft.  Furnished elegant and bright one bedroom apartment on the  top floor (2nd floor) in a quiet corner of the building. only a 5 minute walk away from the University of Washington. It is located near 42nd St NE and 11 Ave. University Way is just two blocks over. Trader Joe's, Safeway, Movie Theater, and a variety of diverse restaurants are a five minute walk away.  Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. $8 per day or $120 per month parking in our own lot if there is a available space. * A full private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen with a full-size fridge and a range.  *Furniture includes  14" new queen memory foam on a solid wood queen size bed, matching dresser, mirror and night stand. towels and It has a Walk Score of 100 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft.  Furnished quiet and bright one bedroom apartment on the very top floor (3rd floor) in a quiet corner only a 5 minute walk away from the University of Washington. It is located near 42nd St NE and 11 Ave. University Way is just two blocks over. Trader Joe's, Safeway, Movie Theater, and a variety of diverse restaurants are a five minute walk away.  Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. $8 per day or $120 per month  parking in our own lot if there is a available space. * A full private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen with a full-size fridge and a range.  *Furniture includes a full/queen size bed, a sleeper sofa, a twin mattress bed and bed sheets, towels, desk and chair, dining table and chairs, apWe have a spacious studio apartment with an open main room, a walk in closet with a  queen size bed, and a kitchen area. It has a good view of Mt Rainier and most of the city. We prefer guests that do not cook meat at our place since we are vegan. We do not have a free parking spot for our apartment. However there is paid parking in the lot behind our apt and on the streets surrounding our building. Also, We do not have a microwave. Please bring your own towels and bedding. The bedding sizes are both queen sized beds (one bed is a futon, which is roughly a queen size).It has a rare Walk Score 98 !--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Large clean furnished studio on the 2nd floor corner is just listed. It comes with  a large  private kitchen and a full bathroom. *Fully equipped kitchen and dining area. * Full bath with towels and mat.  *Furniture include queen bed, sofa, desk and desk chair, lamps, dining table and chairs.  *Quiet, conveniently located in the heart of U District. *New Maytag washers and dryers in the building * Controlled secure access.  * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. Many buslines just at next building to take you to anywhere in the City. Interesting! many tenants have asked me if the building is mostly empty for it is so quiet.  On the contrary, it is almost 100% fully occupied.  Due to the good insulation and soComfortable upstairs room, queen-sized bed  (firm) in quiet vintage 1917 home in vibrant University District, windows facing west and north.  Easy access to downtown. This is a comfortable, homey bedroom that affords you a place to sleep at night while visiting Seattle.  Bathroom is shared with one other guest room.  Residential street in vibrant urban neighborhood. Shared guest bathroom between the two guest rooms. Myriad of local coffee shops and inexpensive eateries; no guest kitchen access at the house. Family is on-site and/or available by phone/text, if and when you need assistance; otherwise we stay in the background, leaving you to your privacy so you can enjoy your visit. Restaurants, coffee shops and nightlife within walking distance on University Way NE.  Whole Foods, Trader Joe's and Safeway 3-6 blocks. We have a diverse range of urban residents in this neighborhood -  students, professionals (Amazon, health care, University of Washington), eclectic creative artists, and edThis room is cozy, clean, peaceful and comfortable only a few blocks away from the University, 10 minutes on the bus to Downtown. Some of the best coffee shops, movie theaters, bookshops and ethnic restaurants are in the University District. Your room is downstairs through the dinning room, 1st door on the right of the bathroom. The Bathroom light is on the wall to the right, outside the door. It is furnished with a twin bed, small fan and closet space with hangers.  There are 2 rooms plus daily use that share the downstairs bathroom. Please keep that in mind. Please also turn on small fan during and or after shower to cut down moisture buildup. Guests have access to kitchen, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, etc. Basically the entire home.  Please refrain from buying and storing multiple days groceries. There is just not enough fridge space to accommodate all house guests private food plus communal breakfast. Depending on my schedule I would love to meet the guests and helpThis is a great place to live for summer because you get a lot of sunlight at the living room. A huge living room space with comfy couch and one ceiling window and glass windows around the living room.Built, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is a lower bunk, in a 4-person shared room. *This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space.* Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene.  Connecting people through new ideas and technology is a huge part of what we do. You can expect demos and talks from people doing incredible work. We love when our guests want to show off something they are working on or are passionate about.  Our residents attend myriad events in technology around the city, and it is likely you will expand your network during your stay. From researchers at the University of Washington, to indie game developers, to interns at (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), we are proud to host a diverse group of hackers, makers and entrepreneurs. Just inquire to apply. We offer cowoLovingly updated 1909 Craftsman half a block from Cowan Park in the friendly Ravenna neighborhood. Two bedrooms with queen beds, and a third bedroom with twin bed and crib. Gourmet kitchen opens onto a private back garden. Porch swing on front porch. Our home has been described by guests as "beautiful, inviting and inspiring."   All three bedrooms are on the second floor. The entire house is yours. We love to meet our guests the day of arrival if it works out, as it is always nice to connect in person and befriend our guests.  We are always available before and during your stay for any questions or help with neighborhood recommendations.   Our favorite places to walk in the neighborhood: 1.Cowen Playground and Ravenna Park trails – ½ block 2.Greenlake is a 10 minute walk away – 3 mile trail around the lake 3.Burke-Gilman Trail System 4.Herkimer Coffee on Brooklyn and Ravenna 5.3rd Place Books and Vio's Café on 65th at 20th (great for brunch and happy hour in the pub downstairs!) 6.UnivThis is a small room (Futon bed) with little extra space. It's mostly just to sleep in with private entrance available.  Close to everything. Clean and has 4 inch memory foam topper. There is access to the common living space. Shared living room, Kitchen, and Bathroom (although the bathroom is really only for visitors and guests so it's mostly just yours) There are two housemates living here currently on the top floor. We're usually not around a lot but if we're here we'll help however we can. WiFi Shared Kitchen and Living room. Some space in the Garage. Both people living in the house travel a lot. So if we're around we'll totally hang out otherwise you might be on your own. North side of U-District so close to all the activities and the parks in Ravenna and Greenlake. Bus stop for the 66 right literally across the street :) and an enterprise if you need to rent a car. I've I stated on the listing this is more for self sufficient guests that need a place to stay.  We are often not atmid century modern apartment. Located perfectly between university and Wallingford neighborhoods. Spacious and new appliances. Full kitchen, W/D and roof top view of city. Vintage record player & typewriter. Multiple bus stops out front and quick ride to all neighborhoods. Can walk to bars and Neptune theater in 5 mins. One bedroom apartment with roof top view. Queen size air mattress for additional guests. Whatever  I can do to make your stay lovely, I'm here to help from restaurant recommendations to things to do in the city. Multiple buses out front door to all neighborhoodsThis clean, comfortable, and sophisticated retreat, centrally located near the UW, has a 94/100 walk score (96 bike) & quick access to the freeway, downtown & east side. Quiet, w/ kitchen, secluded garden, and great bed, it's a perfect home base for visitors or tourists. A lovely and sophisticated 1 BR apartment  in the lower part of our University District/ Ravenna Area Craftsman style home, surrounded by a green and lush garden. It is in an ideal neighborhood, with easy access to a lively community, but it's off the street so it is sheltered and generally very quiet. The apartment is in a bright, daylight basement, features a private entrance, carpets and hardwood floors, a fully-equipped kitchen with plenty of cookware, dishes, glassware, and utensils. There's a nice, quiet bedroom with a quality queen-size bed and good linens, closet, robes, antique armoire, & dresser. Guests are welcome to enjoy the back yard and garden patio, barbecue, and deck. For guests staying over a week the100 rare walk score!  Top floor. Clean and quiet. Supermarkets, Movie Theater, and a variety of diverse restaurants are a only five-minute walk away.  A furnished one bedroom apartments on a top floor corner in a quiet building with only a 3-5 minute walk away from the University of Washington. It is located near 42nd St NE and 11 Ave. University Way is just two blocks over. Trader Joes, Safeway, Movie Theater, and a variety of diverse restaurants are a five minute walk away. Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour.    $8 per day parking in our own lot if there is a available space. * A full private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen with a full-size fridge and a range.  *Furniture includes a sofa,  new queen bed and bed sheets. comforter and duvet, pillow and pillow case, night stand and lamp, dining table with 4 leather chairs, towels and soap are provided,  *Free WiFI internet access. *coin-operated washing machines and dryers are on site.  * Seattle offers both of best worlds, the city and the nature. It's great to have a nice room to lay around and get some rest in between your adventures for a really cheap price!!! Bedroom, kitchen, bathroom, living room -Please note that no apartment-parking is available -street parking along 8t Ave, 7th Ave, 9th Ave or 43rd St is recommended -paid parking is available nearbyThis room is spacious, clean, peaceful and comfortable only a few blocks away from the University and 10 minutes on the bus to Downtown. Some of the best coffee shops, bookshops and ethnic restaurants are located in the University District. Your room is up the stairs, 1st door on the right. The Bathroom light is on the wall to the left, outside the door. It is furnished with a twin bed, small fan and closet space with hangers.  There are 3 rooms plus myself that share the upstairs bathroom. Please keep that in mind. Also, please turn on small fan during and or after shower to cut down moisture buildup. Guests have access to kitchen, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, etc. Basically the entire home.  Please refrain from buying and storing multiple days groceries. There is just not enough fridge space to accommodate all house guests private food plus communal breakfast. Depending on my schedule I would love to meet the guests and help them get acquainted with the city. I will bComfortable basement apartment.  Queen bed in bedroom with adjoining full bathroom.  Fully stocked kitchen with newer appliances. Queen size Ikea futon in the living room. 55" TV with Cable and Blu-ray player.  Low weekly rate through end of 2014! Very clean and bright, comfortable large basement apartment that stays cool in the summer and warm in the winter.  Please note that the bathroom access is from the adjoining bedroom. Private parking space with no guest pass needed.  Cable TV with hundreds of channels.  High speed wireless internet at no additional charge.   We will be available if needed, however we respect your privacy and comfort.   There is a lot of great dining and things to do and see, all within walking distance.   Lots of great restaurants close by.   There are many bus routes within a few blocks.  Many of them go directly to downtown Seattle and arrive in 10-15 minutes. We are next to I-5 and about 5 miles from downtown. It has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft.  Large clean furnished hardwood floor studio on the 2nd floor with windows facing the best direction West-- the Brooklyn Ave. It is also the corner unit with accordion door to separate the bedroom from the living room area. It comes with a large private kitchen and bathroom. *Fully equipped kitchen and dining room and full bath with towels and mat.  *Furniture include a full bed, dresser, leather sofa, leather coffee table, desk, bookshelves, dining table and chairs.  *Quiet, conveniently located in the heart of U District. *Free  wifi! *New Maytag washers and dryers in the building * Controlled secure access.  * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. Interesting! many tenants have asked me if the buildiLarge, 1 bedroom apartment near UW with full refrigerator, private kitchen and bathroom. One full-sized bed, one twin mattress, table, small dresser, large windows and heating. Plus it is extremely close to many restaurants, bars and bus lines. I will always be available via Phone, Text, or the AirBnB app.It has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Large clean furnished studio on the 3rd floor corner unit with walk-in closet, private large kitchen and bathroom. *Fully equipped kitchen and dining room and full bath with towels and mat.  *Furniture include queen bed, Sofa bed, desk and chair, dining table & chairs, TV and TV stand. * Flat screen cable TV receiving 70+ channels.  * Share a private modem and router in a neighboring units instead of the whole building.  That means the speed is relatively fast and reliable.  *Quiet, conveniently located in the heart of U District. *New Maytag washers and dryers in the building * Controlled secure access.  * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. Interesting! many tenants have asked me if the building is This is a nice bedroom of a two bedroom apartment close to University of Washington, Seattle and several bus stops which makes travel super easy. You will be sharing the living room, bathroom and kitchen with us.Simple, but comfortable room in Ravenna/University District, walking distance to UW and Greenlake. Nice, quiet neighborhood close to plenty of restaurants, bars, and shops. Great bus access to anywhere else in Seattle.Our cottage was built in 2012 as a newlywed nest and is now available for all travelers to enjoy. We've been selected as "Best of Houzz" two years in a row, featuring a restored wooden barn door and creative use of space. Near UW, Greenlake and more! The Space Our house has two bedrooms and one bathroom. At 750 square feet, the space is nice and cozy. Our place is rustic and fresh- this cottage will be a nice getaway for your stay in Seattle! With unique touches of restored wood and craftsman finishes, this house was designed for retreats. There are two bedrooms with queen beds, separated by a barn door. We also have a very comfortable queen sleeper sofa downstairs so we can easily host 6 people. The eating nook, kitchen, and sitting area are all adjacent in the open floor plan. Feel free to prep a healthy snack in our kitchen, or just head out for a bite to eat. In Seattle, there are plenty of fun restaurants to visit. Grab some coffee at Herkimer Coffee, Morsel, or Wayward CoffeehousIt has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100. This location is a Walker's Paradise so no car is required. Super comfortable, quiet and clean.This hardwood floor apt is on the top 3rd floor with intercom access. The window view of the  Brooklyn Ave is nice. Large clean furnished  studio on the 3rd floor facing  Brooklyn Ave with a open view which is rare in U District.  It has a large  private kitchen and bathroom as well as hardwood floor. *Equipped kitchen and dining room and full bath (both bath and showers available) with towels and mat.  *Furniture include a queen bed, a leather sofa  a night stand, new large rug and a floor lamp.  *Quiet, conveniently located in the heart of U District. *Free business level wifi! *New Maytag washers and dryers in the building * Controlled secure access.  * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. Interesting! many tenants have asked me if the building is mostly empty for it is so quiet.  On the contrary, it is 95% fullThis cozy studio apartment is located in the heart of University of Washington districts. You are only one block from UW campus, three blocks from University Ave, ten minute drive or a bus rid to downtown Seattle.It has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Beautiful room with Price reduced 1/3 for quiet and non fussy guests!! One remodeled large clean furnished studio with private bathroom and efficient kitchen.  *105 mb blast internet 100% faster for mobile devise. *Simply equipped kitchen with fridge, stainless steel sink, microwave oven, toaster, electric pot, coffee maker  (no conventional oven, not suitable for cooking fancy food,  just for heating or boiling  food would be fine)  *remodeled shower bath with a new vanity and toilet with clean towels and mat.  *remodeled kitchen sink, granite counter top and cabinet with instant-hot. (there is no big stove, but a microwave oven, a slow cooker, and toaster oven.  * Full size bed and a sleep sofa.  *Quiet, conveniently located in the heart ofIt has a rare Walk Score 98 !--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. This apt is on the first floor with intercom access, so stairs to climb with luggage, only 3 steps up from the lobby Large clean furnished studio just listed. It comes with efficiency  kitchen (sink, counter top, microwave oven, slow cooker, toast oven, single burner)  and a full bathroom. * Full bath with towels and mat.  *Furniture include two twin beds, book case,  dining table and chairs.  *conveniently located in the heart of U District. *Strong fast speed internet. *New Maytag washers and dryers in the building * Controlled secure access.  * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. Many buslines just at next building to take you to anywhere in the City. Interesting! many tenants have asked me if the buildinNew Listing! Large one bedroom condo with W/D dishwasher in a QUIET & safe neighborhood walk to UW, Ravenna park, University Village  Center & Burke-Gilman Trail.  3 min drive to Children Hospital, 8 min to Portage Bay, Lake Union and the Eastlake. Located in a quiet cul-de-sac neighborhood, this one bedroom Apartment is huge and bright, surrounded by trees and overlooking the U Village. Many amenities are included:  *washer/dryer inside the unit *dishwasher/garbage disposal/microwave *Private balcony with a view to the U Village. * good WIFI speed *Flat screen TV with powerful antenna receiving 60 more channels more than basic cable.  * Controlled entrance with intercom * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. This spacious condo on the very top floor (4th) is quiet surrounded with trees  & plants.  It is conveniently located near U Village Shopping Center-- an upscale, open-air shopping mall in the University District of  Seattle. It is at a quiMy room is located in an apartment called Shannons. It locates at 42th and 7th Ave and is right by the express lane. 5-10 min walk from bus stops depending on where you go. Only 20 min from the downtown, and close to the "Ave" which has tons of food!New listing! It has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100--the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean. 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle, Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Beautiful room  for quiet guests!! One remodeled large clean furnished studio with private bathroom and efficient kitchen.  *105 mb blast internet 100% faster for mobile devise. *Simply equipped kitchenette  with fridge, stainless steel sink, microwave oven, toaster, electric pot, coffee maker  (no conventional oven, not suitable for cooking fancy food,  just for heating or boiling  food would be fine)  *remodeled shower bath with a new vanity and toilet with clean towels and mat.  *remodeled kitchen sink, granite counter top and cabinet with instant-hot. (there is no big stove, but a microwave oven, a slow cooker, and toaster oven.  * Full size bed and a sleep sofa.  *Quiet, conveniently located in the heart of U District.  *instant hot drinking wPrivate room features queen bed and full en suite bathroom. Located in University District with coffee shops, brew pubs, sprawling parks, and UW campus/Husky Stadium all walking distance. This address has a 94 walk score & transit one block away. 94 walk score conveniently located to shops, restaurants, parks, bus lines & UW. Private room and bath with shared kitchen/living room. Relax in outdoor garden or quiet loft space. This area is fun to explore. Private room and bath. Shared kitchen/living/loft space and garden. Downstairs is restricted from guests. Enjoy meeting guests and eager to share the amenities of the area but also respect their privacy. We live in same dwelling but downstairs away from main floors. So much to explore and enjoy in Seattle's university district and most can be enjoyed on foot. Ethnic restaurants, coffee shops, brew pubs and markets just steps away. Stroll the beautiful ravine of Cowen park or people watch at green lake. The university has theater, museumsThis is a renovated house 3 miles north of Seattle DT in the heart of the famous U-District. - Small room - Own fridge/entrance - Tons of bars and restaurants within walking distance - Ravenna/Cowen park 200 feet away - Close to Green Lake This is a renovated house 3 miles north of Seattle DT in the heart of the famous U-District. - Small room that can be furnished with a mattress and blanket/pillow - The room is adjacent to my room and both have one private entrance independent of the rest of the house - Tons of bars and restaurants within walking distance - Ravenna/Cowen park 200 feet away - Close to Green Lake This is a renovated house 3 miles north of Seattle DT in the heart of the famous U-District. - Small room - Own fridge/entrance - Tons of bars and restaurants within walking distance - Ravenna/Cowen park 200 feet away - Close to Green Lake - Literally 50 feet away from a bus stop that goes straight to downtown on express lanes (71-72-73) and others that go also downtown (70, 6New List! Walk Score of 98 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Large clean furnished studio on the 2nd floor corner unit with walk-in closet, private large kitchen and bathroom. *Fully equipped kitchen and dining room and full bath with towels and mat.  *Furniture include queen bed, sofa bed, shelves, floor lamp  dining table & chairs. * Share a private modem and router in a neighboring units instead of the whole building.  That means the speed is relatively fast and reliable.  *Quiet, conveniently located in the heart of U District. *New Maytag washers and dryers in the building * Controlled secure access.  * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. Interesting! many tenants have asked me if the building is mostly empty for it is so quiet.  On the contrary, it is 95Private room in the large  quiet 2-bdr/2-baths/W/D condo. A quiet UW student stays in the other room .  Walk to UW, Ravenna park, U Village, Trail.  2 blocks to many bus line in Seattle,  4-8 min drive to Children Hospital, 15 min to downtown. Share this spacious two bedroom apt with a UW friendly & respectful and quiet UW male student. You have your own large room with a new queen bed with a very thick and comfy memory foam mattress and private bath.  You are welcome to use the equipped kitchen and living room.  The internet connection is good too. This furnished large two bedroom apt is located in the quiet and convenient Bryant/Ravenna neighborhood. Located in a quiet cul-de-sac neighborhood but short walk to U Village and UW, this two bedroom Apartment is spacious facing the Burg Gilman trails with many trees and fresh air:  *Two Bedrooms/ Two Bathrooms  *dining table and chairs, TV and new sleeper sofa. * Equipped Kitchen   * Intercom Controlled Access.  * Washer/Dryer/Dishwasher/One bedroom available in a 2 bedroom condo in the University District. Building is very secure and safe. Bedroom has its own bathroom with a shower.This room is spacious, clean, peaceful and comfortable only a few blocks away from the University, 10 minutes on the bus to Downtown. Some of the best coffee shops, movie theaters, bookshops and ethnic restaurants are in the University District. Your room is up the stairs, 2nd door on the left. The Bathroom light is on the wall to the left, outside the door. It is furnished with a full bed, small fan and closet space with hangers.  There are 3 rooms plus myself that share the upstairs bathroom. Please keep that in mind. Please also turn on small fan during and or after shower to cut down moisture buildup. Guests have access to kitchen, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, etc. Basically the entire home.  Please refrain from buying and storing multiple days groceries. There is just not enough fridge space to accommodate all house guests private food plus communal breakfast. Depending on my schedule I would love to meet the guests and help them get acquainted with the city. I wilThis room is spacious, clean and comfortable only two blocks away from the University & 10 minutes on the bus to Downtown. Some of the best coffee shops, movie theaters, bookshops and ethnic restaurants are in the University District. Your room is on the main floor of the house. Upon entry it will be directly to the left of the main stairs, with your bedroom being the door on the left.  It is furnished with a full/XL sized bed, small fan, reading lamps, reclining chair, private access to the front porch and closet space with hangers.  The bedrooms don't have individual locks on the doors. Out of 500+ guests we have hosted in our 4 houses we have never had a single issue with security. Your bathroom is actually located in the basement. Please use the hallway to the right of the main staircase. Take a left away from the kitchen and head down the stairs with the bathroom being at the base of that staircase.  The light switch is on the outside of the door on the left-hand side. Guests haveStandard room has full bed with 3/4 bath.  Enjoy University District coffee shops, brew pubs, sprawling parks, UW campus/Huskies stadium all on foot, and walk score of 94. Bus lines 1 block away for city exploration. Upstairs community spaces are all shared. Basement is off limits When we are home, we're available to give information about local activities. Walking distance to several bus lines that reach most of the city. We have a growing sonIt has a Walk Score of 100--Walker's Paradise. remodeled. The Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake.  Location   在拐角處巴士線路帶您在西雅圖的任何地方｡ A very clean and furnished one bedroom apartments on 2nd floor  in a quiet  corner and a quiet building with only a 3-5 minute walk away from the University of Washington. It is located near 42nd St NE and 11 Ave. University Way is just two blocks over. Trader Joes, Safeway, Movie Theater, and a variety of diverse restaurants are a five minute walk away. Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. $8 per day parking in our own lot if there is a available space.  * Router and modem inside the unit for fast wifi acess. * A full private bathroom with a new stone counter top vanity and a fully equipped kitchen with a full-size fridge and a range. *Furniture includes one a new real queen bed and beddings, a twin Fresh, comfy, welcoming, simplistic and artistic studio equipped with all that you need after a day of adventure or work. 10 minutes walk to UW, 10 minutes uber ride to downtown; 5 minutes walk to Trader Joes. This is a studio with a full bed and a sofa bed. It easily sleeps two, but if you want three is also doable :) Feel free to use the rooftop; the views are amazing. There is also a 24 hour gym on the first floor. You have full access to the studio during your stay. I will meet you with your for picking up and dropping off keys if I am in Seattle. If not, I will need you to pick up and drop off the keys from a nearby cafe. This is a friendly and safe neighborhood on the west side of the University District. A 8-10 dollar uber ride to pretty much everything. Routes (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) o (to the North), forty four (to Wallingford) within 3 minutes walk. Route sixty six (to Downtown) within 7 minutes walk. No parking, but the Trader Joe's parking lot offers some good all night parkiThis cozy one bedroom apartment is perfect for 1-2 people. Short walking distance to shops, restaurants, parks and trails. Easy access to freeways and bus lines. Quiet neighborhood and great amenities all around! PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ENTIRE LISTING to make sure it is a right fit for you and please feel free to ask any questions I have not yet answered on the page. Clean and cozy and amazing location! It's a one bedroom apartment with an open kitchen and living room.  *WIFI available *Free use of kitchen space to prepare meals; help yourself to BREAKFAST items such as milk & cereal or yogurt, fruit if available (I leave tea, oatmeal, honey and granola bars or the like on the counter and milk and/or yogurt in the fridge for you). You are welcome to use salt, pepper and olive oil to cook. Anything else in the kitchen PLEASE ask before using/consuming.  *I do not own or wish to own a t.v but there is WiFi in the apartment so that you are able to connect with your phone/laptop/tablet. TheThis charming 1920s unit in the U-District has old world charm but modern amenities. From the large living room windows, you get plenty of natural light, a view of the University of Washington and "the Ave" (the main street for eateries and shops in the University District). This unit is located in a quiet building which affords its residents a lot of privacy while having close access to major bus lines, daytime and late night eateries, the waterfront, and Burke-Gilman hiking trail. This is a great space to be close to the city's landmarks with access to immediate needs while having your own refuge for a relaxing stay. Whether you're attending a graduation at UW, visiting family, attending a conference, touring Seattle, and/or exploring the region's vibrant food scene, you'll have a great space to come home to at the end of the day and a host who is happy to add some personal touches to accommodate to your needs. Guests are welcome to use the washers and dryers in the basement at no chLooking for a memory instead of another hotel in yet another city? Welcome to Your Home in the Emerald City We have a great and charming apartment in a 100 year old building in Seattle, WA. just 1 block away from the University of Washington. Heart of university district, very near downtown and local stadiums. Huskies are a walk away. Seahawks and Mariners are just a bus ride away. We are just a block away from the post office. Outside your door is international Cuisine great spots for beer, dinner and activities. A very comfortable Queen sized bed welcomes you to a good nights sleep. Quiet at night as the bedroom is in the rear of the building, peaceful atmosphere and classic style.    From the living room you can see the space needle among the city lights. Location, location, and location, this beautiful 1 bedroom is situated in one of the last beautiful brick buildings on the Ave.  The (1400 sq ft) Apt is on the TOP floor in a Vintage building with a charming traditional stair case.Extremely close to campus. Walk to ode (UW library) in 3-5 minutes. You literally cannot get closer than this location. The view is facing the street and you have nice, large, sunlit windows in the rooms. Kitchen, stove, bathroom, fridge provided. Bright building, can't be missed. Convenient location. You may access all space of the apartment. There is a laundry room in garage which you will also receive access to. I will be available on call and will occasionally be able to come down to assist directly with any problems and give help. See the main street with the iconic "The Ave" of Seattle behind the building literally out the door! Bus are extremely close, but location is so close on campus that you can walk anywhere.It has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Large clean furnished  studio on the 2nd floor.  It has a large  private large kitchen and bathroom. *Fully equipped kitchen and dining room and full bath with towels and mat.  *Furniture include two twin beds, love seat  sofa, desk, desk chair, dresser with mirror, book shelves *Quiet, conveniently located in the heart of U District. *Free business level wifi! *New Maytag washers and dryers in the building * Controlled secure access.  * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. Interesting! many tenants have asked me if the building is mostly empty for it is so quiet.  On the contrary, it is 95% fully occupied.  Due to the good insulation and solid structure, the sound proof is very good.  This lovely bricThis new 1 bedroom apartment accommodates up to two guests and is located just 4 blocks north of UW and a short drive to I-5, Children's or UW medical center and U Village shopping center.  We look forward to hosting you on your visit to Seattle. This garden level, classic modern apartment has a private entrance from a covered patio, separate from the owner's residence. This apartment is entirely new craftsmanship and furnishings.  It has an open airy feeling with tall door ways and windows in every room crafted from Douglas fir which is a warm northwest wood.  Some doors are sliding, and include frosted glass panels. The slate floors through out have radiant heat beneath, so they are warm and toasty.  The tankless water heater ensures that hot water is available.  The apartment has fresh air inlets to allow outside air, or you may open the windows as well. The dine in kitchen counter tops are polished natural quartz stone and the dining room tabletop (which seats four) is black granitFull 1BR apartment in the heart of the University District. 5-minute walk to any kind of food you could want and any bus line you might need to anywhere in the city. South-facing and sunny. This is my 1BR apartment, where I actually live (but I will NOT be here when you are here). For that reason, it has that "lived-in feel," aka, it is imperfect: It has some charming dark spots on the carpet in various locations; there is food in the cabinets and fridge (you can use! but if you empty, please replace!); there are two random dining chairs in the middle of the room for extra seating.  There's room for 3 people comfortably -- 2 on the memory foam queen bed and 1 on the couch. Of course more could be accommodated if they don't mind sleeping on the floor.  NOTE (3/5/15): There is currently construction happening Mon-Sat directly next door, and it can be noisy. Therefore, I am offering the place at a discount of $20 off per night. Typically it's $105; right now, it's $85.  NOTE (4/20/15): IfThis cozy four bedroom, 1 bathroom townhouse is steps away from the University of Washington, making it an ideal place for campus visitors. It's two floors, and has a common area and kitchen. The Space This cozy four bedroom, 1 bathroom townhouse is steps away from the University of Washington, making it an ideal place for campus visitors. It's two floors, and has a common area and kitchen. The Neighborhood Being close to the University of Washington, the University District is a bustling part of Seattle. Stroll the streets and the university grounds to see the charming, historic architecture and homes. "The Ave" is a great place to meet up with friends and grab a bite to eat.  Getting Around Plenty of bus stops are located all within walking distance of this townhouse. Hop on a bus to explore Pike Place Market, Downtown, Ballard neighborhood, Fremont neighborhood, and Capitol Hill. If you have a car, the I-5 Expressway is also easily accessible and nearby.  Other Things to Note Come cI offer shared space within my bedrom, thats Cheap, Safe, Friendly, Clean, Organized, ~420 positive~ Travelers Getaway/Crashpad right here in the Heart of the U-Dist. :) Namaste. Spiritual. Chill ~ Down to Earth. Modern. Organized. Clean. Traveller/420 friendly. All the usual modern living arrangements. Depends on how busy I am that week.  I am generally an introvert at my house and more extrovert when I decide to go out, but it really depends on the connection of individual(s) involved. You can totally keep to yourself or We can a bit hang out and explore the city. Nice neighborhood of many young people with all of local places to check out and socialize: Shops, Cafes, Bars, and Resturants for you to explore and enjoy. :) U Dist is a central hub for multiple transit centers and major bus lines here in Seattle NOTE: There is the U Dist Library, Safeway, multiple gas stations, bars, resturants and a Cannabis Dispenory (American Mary) within a half mile from my house.This room is spacious, clean and comfortable only two blocks away from the University & 10 minutes on the bus to Downtown. Some of the best coffee shops, movie theaters, bookshops and ethnic restaurants are in the University District. Your room is up the stairs, 1st door on the right once you reach the top. The Bathroom light is on the wall to the left, outside the door. It is furnished with a queen bed, small fan, reading lamps and closet space with hangers.  The bedrooms don't have individual locks on the doors. Out of 500+ guests we have hosted in our 4 houses we have never had a single issue with security. There are 4 airbnb rooms that share the upstairs bathroom, please keep that in mind. Also, please open the window during and or after your shower to cut down moisture buildup. Guests have access to the kitchen, living and dining rooms, bathrooms, etc. Basically the entire home.  Please refrain from buying and storing large amounts of groceries. There is space for smaller items anBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is a lower bunk, in a 2-person shared room. *This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space.* Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene.  Connecting people through new ideas and technology is a huge part of what we do. You can expect demos and talks from people doing incredible work. We love when our guests want to show off something they are working on or are passionate about.  Our residents attend myriad events in technology around the city, and it is likely you will expand your network during your stay. From researchers at the University of Washington, to indie game developers, to interns at (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), we are proud to host a diverse group of hackers, makers and entrepreneurs. Just inquire to apply. We offer cowoA new listing with a 100 Walk Score. 100%faster internet. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Remodeled kitchen & floor 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Furnished elegant and bright extra large one bedroom apartment with remodeled new kitchen and new real hardwood floor on the 2nd floor  in a quiet building only a 3 to 5 minute walk away from the University of Washington in U District. It is located near 42nd St NE and 11 Ave. University Way is just two blocks over. Trader Joe's, Safeway, Movie Theater, and a variety of diverse restaurants are a five to eight minute walk away.  Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. * A full private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen with a full-size stainless steel fridge and range.  *Furniture includes  a queen  bed, a new sleeper sofa,  bed sheets, blankets, pillows,  desk and chair, TV  & TV stand dining table aThis apt has Walk Score of 98 out of 100. This location is a Walker's Paradise so no car is required. Super comfortable, quiet and clean. The W tower, Hotel Deca are just across street. Supermarket is just next block. Large clean furnished studio  with walk-in closet, private large kitchen and bathroom.  *Fully equipped kitchen   *Full bath with newly refinished shiny bathtub and clean towels.  *Furniture include queen bed, a twin bed, sofa, desk, desk chair, might stand, dining table and chairs.  *Quiet, conveniently located in the heart of U District. *Free business level wifi! *New Maytag washers and dryers in the building * Controlled secure access.  * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. Interesting! many tenants have asked me if the building is mostly empty for it is so quiet.  On the contrary, it is 95% fully occupied.  Due to the good insulation and solid structure, the sound proof is very good.  This lovely brick building, originally a Seattle University District, in a residential street, from where you can easily walk, or take public transport. If you have a car, we have a spot in the back of the house for you, so no worries about parking meters! Are you in town for a University event? Perfect place to stay. Just walk right out the door and you'll be there in no time. We have a kitty cat roaming through the house, and a garage band next door. Just letting you know in case you don't like cats or music. There is a private bedroom with it's own bathroom (yes shower, no tub). This room is on the ground floor of the house, and is right opposite the entrance hall to the front door which means easy private access. The room has a closet, two dressers, and a desk area. Lots of natural light, and well ventilated.  There is parking behind the house, but also lots of street parking right outside the house. For extended time beyond two hours, use the parking in the back. Besides the private room with it's own private bathroom, lPerfect Location: Center of East L./Greenlake, Fremont, and DT SEA! Steps from Burke -G Trail, Lake Union & University of Washington! - Private Beds/-Bathrooms, Queen Mats! Neighborhood Scores:  Walk: 98 Bike :91 Transit: 76 all = excellent/best! - The Home (land not included) is ~1300 SQ Feet.  - 1 car garage and street parking, Grill and Laundry Room access - The Bedrooms are quite spacious - large closets w/ hangers, Drawer space in bathrooms and Bedrooms available  - Leather Platform Queen bed 10' Memory Foam "IQ" Mattress (retailed ~$1500) in guest room - Master bed is a Sealy (firmer mattress) (~$900 retail) -- both are very comfortable!! - European ironing board and new efficient iron - Complimentary amenities: Shave cream , hair product, blow dryer, men/female name brand body wash, bar soap, clean loofah & wash cloth, extra linens, body lotion, shampoo, conditioner, Q tips, Etc.   - night stand:  (2 outlets on back of stand itself - guest room). Night stand contains a 10+ page The location of the apartment is just a crosswalk away from UW main entrance. And it's 2 minute walk to bus station that could take you to the gorgeous downtown Seattle!Take in the gorgeous view as you enjoy a cup of coffee on the balcony! Take in the gorgeous view as you enjoy a cup of coffee on the balcony! LOCATION Located in quiet Ravenna, this comfortably furnished space is only a few minutes' walk from the University of Washington and U-District (plenty of restaurants, shops, and grocery stores). Getting to the University of Washington Medical Center (UWMC) takes about 25 minutes by foot, or approximately 15 minutes by bus. Seattle Children's Hospital is about a 20-minute walk from the flat, or around a 10-minute bus ride. Steps away are the very popular Burke-Gilman Trail, Ravenna Park, and University Village (fantastic shopping center).   BUS PASS Rather than having to purchase your own ORCA card (Seattle's public transit card which costs $5) or scramble for loose change (buses take only exact change), you can borrow my ORCA card.   At the end of your stay, you can simply return my ORCA card and pay for the fares accrued during your stay. PARKLarge 2 bdr 2 baths apt with many Luxuries on Quiet Street walk to UW, Ravenna park, University Village, Trail.  2 blocks to every bus line in Seattle,  6-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and the Eastlake    Located in a quiet cul-de-sac neighborhood, this two bedroom Apartment is spacious and surrounded by trees and fresh air:  *Two Bedrooms/ Two Bathrooms  * Fully Furnished. * Kitchen is simply equipped. * Ceiling fans in dining room and two bedrooms  * Intercom Controlled Access.  * Washer/Dryer/Dishwasher/Microwave Oven/ Disposal in the unit  * 4th floor quiet corner with with thick dense carpet and no pets in the building. * Private Deck * most leather furniture  * Easy to find street parking or an assigned remote controlled garage parking space at a small fee  * Controlled entrance with intercom * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. This bright, upgraded apartment is conveniently located, with a vIt has a Walk Score of 100--Walker's Paradise. remodeled. The Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Furnished spacious one bedroom apartments in a quiet building about 3 feet above ground (not exact on the first floor more like 1 and half floor) and  only a 5 minute walk away from the University of Washington. It is located near 42nd St NE and 11 Ave. University Way is just two blocks over. Trader Joes, Safeway, Movie Theater, and a variety of diverse restaurants are a five minute walk away.  Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. $8 per day parking in our own lot if there is a available space. * A full private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen with a full-size fridge and a range.  *Flat screen TV with powerful antenna receiving 60 more channels more than basic cable.  *Furniture includes a queen/New Listing! Large 2 bedroom 2 baths apt with many washer/dryer/dishwasher/microwave oven/private deck on a quiet Street walk to UW,  Ravenna Park, University Village Shopping Center, good restaurants and Burke-Gilman Trail. Great Views of Lake/mount Located in a quiet cul-de-sac, this spacious two bedroom apartment is surrounded by trees and fresh air.  *Two Bedrooms/ Two Bathrooms  * Fully Furnished and equipped.  * Intercom Controlled Access.  * Washer/Dryer/Dishwasher/Microwave Oven/ Disposal in the unit  * New Flat Screen TV *Wood-like floor in the living room and dining room. * Private Deck * New flat screen  TV * Easy to find street parking or an assigned remote controlled garage parking space at a small fee  * Controlled entrance with intercom * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. This bright, upgraded apartment is conveniently located near an upscale, open-air shopping mall in the University District of Seattle. It is at a quiet cul-deTwo bedrooms in a cozy basement duplex in Seattle's University District. Close to bars, cheap eats, shopping, Ravenna Park and bus lines to Capitol Hill, Ballard, Downtown and Fremont. Fully equipped kitchen and a parking spot in our alley. Within walking distance of the University of Washington. We will go stay at friend's houses while you stay here but we are more than happy to show you around on our days off. Lots of inexpensive dining and nightlife. Excellent bus access. 30 minutes to downtown, Capitol Hill and Ballard. $12 Lyft to lightrail/airport shuttle.It has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. * A large one studio with a remodeled large kitchen, * Water, sewer, garbage, electricity (with a cap on it if long term), and WiFi bills are paid by the owner  *New bathroom vanity  * one large fully equipped kitchen  * Walking distance to the UW campus (only 2 or 3 blocks)  * Controlled intercom access entry * Multiple New Maytag Washers/Dryers inside the building  * Bike Storage Room *New flat screen TV. * Good speed internet WiFi The furniture include a queen bed/ mattresses and linens, a sofa, a desk and a desk chair a dinning table and 2 chairs,  pots and pans, dresser, floor lamp, desk and desk chair coffee maker, microwave oven, cups and plates and kitchen wares.  It is a great way to share with roommates to save a lot in such a conveThis cozy newly remodeled apartment is located in the heart of University of Washington districts. You are only one block from UW campus, three blocks from University Ave, ten minute drive or a bus rid to downtown Seattle, Capitol Hill. This cozy newly remodeled apartment is located in the heart of University of Washington district. The unit is one block from the UW campus, three blocks from University Ave, five minutes from University Village shopping, the Burke-Gilman trail, Children's Hospital and the University of Washington Hospital, and also convenient by bus to downtown, Ballard, Queen Anne, Green Lake, and Capitol Hill.  It provides the quintessential university life experience, with the convenience of its own W/D, dishwasher, gas stove, and a reserved parking spot in a quiet triplex building. Reserved Parking Spot Only if it is inquired by guest.  This  is one block from the UW campus, three blocks from University Ave with  many coffee shops, restaurants and shops, five minuteBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is a lower bunk, in a 4-person shared room. *This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space.* Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene.  Connecting people through new ideas and technology is a huge part of what we do. You can expect demos and talks from people doing incredible work. We love when our guests want to show off something they are working on or are passionate about.  Our residents attend myriad events in technology around the city, and it is likely you will expand your network during your stay. From researchers at the University of Washington, to indie game developers, to interns at (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), we are proud to host a diverse group of hackers, makers and entrepreneurs. Just inquire to apply. We offer cowo100 rare walk score!  Clean and quiet. Supermarkets, Movie Theater, and a variety of diverse restaurants are a only five-minute walk away.  This is our new listing. Furnished one bedroom apartments in a quiet building  * Fast speed internet cable *cherry wood like floor  *Fully equipped kitchen and dining room and full bath with towels and mat.  *Conveniently located in the heart of U District.  *coin-operated Washers and dryers in the building  * Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour.  *$8 per day or $120 per month parking in our own lot if there is a available space. Units feature a full bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen with a full-size fridge, microwave oven, stove and conventional oven, and a coffee maker.  Furniture includes  a queen bed, a night stand and lamp, a long sofa,  clean comforter, pillows, sheets and towels,dresser, glass dining table  chairs, desk and a chair. For the building itself, some are UW post-doctors, some are  visiBuilt, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 4-person shared room. *This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space.* Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene.  Connecting people through new ideas and technology is a huge part of what we do. You can expect demos and talks from people doing incredible work. We love when our guests want to show off something they are working on or are passionate about.  Our residents attend myriad events in technology around the city, and it is likely you will expand your network during your stay. From researchers at the University of Washington, to indie game developers, to interns at (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), we are proud to host a diverse group of hackers, makers and entrepreneurs. Just inquire to apply. We offer cowCharming craftsmen home situated steps from Cowen Park, Greenlake, UW and Whole Foods.  92 walk score.  The home, is immaculate and well cared for inside and out.  Updated kitchen and baths.  Recently remodeled basement.  Quaint yard and back deck.   Easy access to Interstate '5'. Located close to bus stops with express service to downtown Seattle.Built, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans, GrokHome's focus is to create a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects, start ups and more. This listing is an upper bunk, in a 4-person shared room. *This listing is only available to those working in the tech/science space.* Live in a hacker house, and immerse yourself in the Seattle tech scene.  Connecting people through new ideas and technology is a huge part of what we do. You can expect demos and talks from people doing incredible work. We love when our guests want to show off something they are working on or are passionate about.  Our residents attend myriad events in technology around the city, and it is likely you will expand your network during your stay. From researchers at the University of Washington, to indie game developers, to interns at (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), we are proud to host a diverse group of hackers, makers and entrepreneurs. Just inquire to apply. We offer cowHi! I'm renting my cute and cozy closet bedroom (the room is private) in my 500sqft apartment. It's charming and conveniently located a 1 minute walk from all major bus routes and directly across the street from the University of Washington. I have a lot of cute travel themed stuff if that's your thing, and also there are no carpets so it's great for people with allergies. Lots of open space in the main room, and SO MUCH light with 6 windows. During your stay, you'll be able to access the whole apartment, and you'll have a private room, however I will be sleeping in the main living space and therefore you will not have the place to yourself.  ******NOTE******** if you'll notice the price of the apartment changes during the thanksgiving and christmas holidays. I will be GONE and therefore you will be renting the ENTIRE APARTMENT and have it to yourself during this time. I will be able to offer help and advice on what to do and see during your stay and possibly go on an outing, but I'm vThis is a quiet, cozy, spacious two bedroom basement apartment in the Roosevelt area.    Experienced landlords have been renting for 9 years. The large house is divided into three units, with a family on top, quiet graduate students in the middle, and a basement apartment with a separate entrance.  The apartment has a king bed in one room and two twins in other that can be joined into a king.  Everything is ready for your use with sheets, towels, a full kitchen with utensils and faucet water filter, wireless internet, street parking and laundry facilities included.    There are several organic and raw foods restaurants within walking distance.  The University District farmer's market is four blocks away and runs every Saturday year round.   Whole Foods Market has many organic and local foods as well as gluten free and vegan options.      I am happy to accept reservations for people new to Airbnb, but I do require a profile picture and some information about who you are and what you wilA townhouse nestled in the heart of the U-district. A stones throw away from Safeway (grocery store), University Village and the UW. You have the option of sleeping on our couch in the living room or on an air mattress in the living room. Behind the couch, there is a sweet Juliette balcony overlooking the street. Right now we are in the works to make it a much homier establishment. We'll keep you updated with pictures. Unlimited access to the half-bath on the first floor, the kitchen/dining space, and the living room. The 2nd floor shower is available anytime really. Just let us know if you will be needing it in the morning and we will do what we can to accommodate your individual needs. Either myself or my wife are usually home since we manage two apartment complexes in the vicinity. Feel free to ask us any questions! A one-of-a-kind townhouse located smack-dab in the middle of college central. A 5-minute walk to UW campus, 20-minute bus ride to downtown, and mere feet from the goingsBeautiful 1924 Craftsman home in Seattle, recently remodeled.  2 bedrooms (each with a queen bed), 1 bathroom,  beautiful new kitchen, and a huge outdoor living space with garden.  10 min bus ride to downtown, and 5 min walk to Green Lake!Very basic studio in a very convenient spot. Walk to the University, 2 blocks from I-5, 2 miles from the Space Needle. Street parking available most times very easily. Unstocked but fully functional kitchen and bathroom. Bare bones but nice!Hardwood floors with tons of natural light. Gorgeous view of the Space Needle and Mt. Rainer. The open floor, artist loft, is located right next to UW with access to freeways, tons of food, bars, and event locations.It has a Walk Score of 100 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Furnished elegant and bright one bedroom apartment on the very top floor (3rd floor) in a quiet building only a 5 minute walk away from the University of Washington. It is located near 42nd St NE and 11 Ave. University Way is just two blocks over. Trader Joes, Safeway, Movie Theater, and a variety of diverse restaurants are a five minute walk away.  Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour. $8 per day or $120 per month parking in our own lot if there is a available space. * A full private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen with a full-size fridge and a range.  *Furniture includes  a queen  bed and bed sheets, desk and chair, pretty new Macy long sofa, bookcase, dining table and chairs pots and pans, towIt has a Walk Score of 100 out of 100--Walker's Paradise. the Ave, UW Tower, Hotel Deca just across the street. Very clean . 5-8 min drive to Children Hospital, downtown Seattle,Portage Bay, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to Amazon or Microsoft. Rare found in the center of U District! Furnished two bedrooms/two baths apartment with real hard wood floor in a quiet building only a 5 minute walk away from the University of Washington.  *Fast internet speed * A new 14" memory foam mattress queen bed  in each room and a sleeper sofa in the living room (all were purchased brand new on 5/13/2015) * Two private bathrooms and a fully equipped kitchen with a full-size fridge and a range.  * New flat screen TV with powerful antenna receiving 60 more channels more than basic cable. *All of the windows are double pane new windows.  *Only a few steps to this unit, NO long stairway to haul your luggage, it is easy for you to check in & out. *coin-operated washing machines and dryers are on site (n1907 charm meets modern efficiency in this stylish 3 bedroom 2 bath home. With a spacious floor plan, great amenities, excellent access to busses and restaurants, this Ravenna gem is perfect as your base for exploring the best of urban Seattle! Clean, modern and smart updates make this restored 1907 charmer the perfect getaway for your stay in Seattle. Unique details like a penny countertop enhance this homes charm and make this home a destination in the easily accessible neighborhood of South Ravenna.  Currently we are still residing in this residence so please treat it with respect. There are three bedrooms. One is on the main floor with a large closet and foldout couch queen bed. The second is a child's room with a crib next door to the master suite. The master suite has a king bed and attached full bathroom. We only list 2 bedrooms available since the babies bedroom is only equipped with a crib at this time. It can be available if needed. You will have access to the entire house. TYour hideout in Seattle! Surround yourself with trees, birds and calm while you visit...a little bit of country in the city. We can't wait to meet you! Hello! Thanks for stopping by! Private basement bedroom for one or two guests with queen size bed and full, attached bathroom in 100+ year old Seattle craftsman home. The room contains most of our library, so you will be able to dive into a new read or revisit an old favorite! A small desk is available, as well as a full closet with a chest of drawers and shelves and a cupboard in the bathroom for more storage. Kids are welcome!  Pets are negotiable, please ask Separate keypad lock entrance through the bicycle/mud room allows you to come and go as you please. The mattress/box spring are new...and made by a local, family run business...since 1882! Electric kettle for tea, coffee (both included) or soup, hot buttered rum...yum! Share the fully equipped kitchen upstairs and enjoy our two dogs in this tree-filled area of Seattle. If you neeRenting room and restroom and restroom. Sophisticated urban lifestyle, walking distance to everything, located in the heart of Madison Valley and Madison Sophisticated urban lifestyle, walking distance to everything, located in the heart of Madison Valley and Madison Park next to Arboretum (near to major attractions for fine dining, coffee shops and spas). 83 Walkscore and 71 bikescore (URL HIDDEN)   3 minutes away from bus stop downtown direct line to downtown Seattle. Perfect for Westlake or Amazon. 7 minutes driving downtown and 3 minutes away access to 520. 2 minutes walking to the Bush Private School (URL HIDDEN) One of the best schools in the city.   Fine Dining --Cafe Flora, Harvest Vine, Luc, La Cote, Nishino, Rovers and Voila   Bakery & Cafe -- Belle Epicurean, The Essential Bakery, Casa Del Caffe and Harbour Point Coffeehouse   Casual Dining -- Arosa Caf, Luc, Pagliacci Pizza, Teriyaki Bowl, Pizza Hut, Philadelphia Fevre   Shopping -- Elizabeth Roberts, Fury, Henrietta's HatsWe have a garden apartment in the lower floor of our house located in Madison Valley.  We are 15 minutes to downtown on the 11 or 8 lines - 2 blocks from the Arboretum and a super market, and close to Madison Beach and the University of Washington.  We have a garden apartment in the lower floor of our house located in Madison Valley.  We are 15 minutes to downtown on the 11 or 8 lines -2 blocks from the Arboretum and a super market, and close to Madison Beach and the University of Washington. The apartment is well furnished, has a full kitchen and deck, 2 bedrooms (one queen bed and one twin bed) and bathroom. It sleeps 3 though there is an air mattress available if needed.   WiFi is provided.  There is ample on-street parking right in front. I have lived in the building for 22 years, and I would be happy to give you a local perspective on sightseeing or dining in the neighborhood during your stay. This ground floor unit has very easy access.  It is a spacious, apartment (800 square feThis is a lower-level attached, but private apartment. It has a 3/4 bath, full kitchen, dining area, separate living room with television and a PS3. The unit does not have cable but a Chromecast is hooked up to the TV. Entrance: Check-in is easy, because the door is secured with an entrance code that is not reused. No keys to get or return! I send you your code and you can enter at any time day or night without arranging a time for me to give you keys. Privacy: This is a 100% private, but attached unit. Parking and Driving: There is free parking available on 30th Avenue or on Dewey behind the unit. 520 is about 5 minutes away, giving you very quick access to either I5 or the East Side. Transportation: There is a ZipCar at 24th and Madison. There are usually Car2Go cars on Madison near by. The bus stop is at E Madison St & 28th Ave E, less than a five minute walk away. Downtown is about ten minutes on the 11 bus. The 8 bus provides quick access to Seattle Center, Capitol Hill, Rainier VA gorgeous one bedroom in-law suite located in Seattle's most desired Madison Park neighborhood, a five minute walk to beach, coffee and shopping.  Perfect for transition to Seattle.Welcome home.  Happy Winter days and nights. Welcome to 2016. Peaceful guests may reserve! Simplicity: Peaceful Loving Hosts Tranquil Neighborhood of Denny Blaine. Birds all around.  Up thee hill from Lake Washington.  Welcome to Winter Days and Nights.   Welcome Home Positive Energy People. Laughter and LOVE  Approx 700sf. Inside Bungalow and Front yard area outside bungalow.  No back yard access unless ( we invited to join in thee activities) The neighborhood itself is well the lake house feel, there are humble homes to huge mansions.  The duck pond just blocks away is fun find the turtles, the heron sometimes is there inspiring one of the paintings on the wall.  Up the road in any direction are business hubs, go down to the lake you have leschi, go up the hill you have madrona business row and library, go down the hill into the valley you have madison business row clothing, home, eats, cafe, garden, art school, bakeries, massage, health, go on journey over to madison park you have p    Relax and enjoy your visit to Seattle in this charming, clean and modern 2 bedroom apartment. You are centrally located in a safe and quiet neighborhood, close to the city's major attractions and one block from the arboretum's gardens and trails    This apartment is 1200 square feet and the entire ground floor of a newer 3 story home. The space is reached from the front down a set of stairs with it's own entrance on the house side opposite the owners entrance above. A very nice garden is adjacent to the living room, private from the neighbors and for the tenants exclusive use.  Seating for four and a barbecue make this the perfect place to enjoy the outdoors on a nice day. Although the  two owners live above, the layout of the property allows a quiet and personal space for all. The light filled living space has two bedrooms, one large with plenty of closet space and one medium size, each with a queen bed. Bring the basics for a meal and you will find a full kitchen well stocked forChezanne is a small convenient studio in wonderful E. Capitol Hill / Madison Valley. Guests love the quiet but vibrant neighborhood and the proximity to nearby eateries, parks, & Seattle landmarks. Easy access to all! Chezanne is a recently constructed studio offering the essentials of flexible travelers today... a comfortable queen-sized bed, shower "bathroom", WiFi, cable TV.  The "kitchenette" features a bar sink, small fridge, microwave, French press (for coffee), toaster, & electric kettle.  Dishware and cutlery items. One or two guests can be comfortably accommodated in the studio.   You will have your own private space with your own locked entrance. Looking forward to meeting you!   You will have complete privacy at Chezanne.   Please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.   Madison Valley/E Capitol Hill has a true neighborhood feel, with friendly neighbors, lots of cafes and restaurants and great parks right nearby. Metro Bus #11 (15 min to downtown & Pike MarkOur cozy studio with its own deck may be small but it contains all your essential travel needs. Quiet, in a peaceful garden setting in the heart of Seattle's Madison Valley neighborhood.  Easy bus access and great restaurants just a block away. Beautiful craftsmanship in our newly remodeled studio apt. Has a Murphy bed with a very comfortable queen sized mattress.   A kitchenette with a small refrigerator, coffee maker, microwave, toaster/convection oven, and all the essentials.  Flat screen television with premium cable channels and free wifi. French doors open to a small private deck with an electric grill and bistro table overlooking our beautiful garden. Detached studio apartment is located behind our home with a private separate entrance. We will be available by phone or text but will not disturb the guests during their stay; however, we are happy to answer any questions and offer tips for getting around and places to see in Seattle. Seattle's Arboretum & Japanese Garden are just This Seattle apt is a fully furnished cozy one-bedroom with 50 inch tv, breakfast nook, kitchenette, w/d in unit, backyard access and amazingly convenient location.  Private entrance with easy street parking perfect for exploring the Emerald city! New, quiet, clean and no clutter, yet very comfortable.  We call it a charming mini-apt because it's a garden unit with the majority of ceiling heights 82 inches (6.83 feet), while in some areas where there is air vents the ceiling height is 74 inches (6.17 feet). I'm 5'6 and my husband is 5'10 and we don't ever notice it! This unit is absolutely charming with ample natural light and comfy nooks to hid away in. Anyone would enjoy it here...well, except maybe Shaq :) Residential desirable neighborhood of Madison valley. Close to everything with a walk score of 80 out of 100. This uniquely designed property is very ideal for couples or family looking for an amazing Seattle escapade.  According to WalkScore, there are 36 restaurants/stores/coffeSpacious basement suite w/ cozy bedroom & full-sized bed, private full bath, & well-lit living room w/ extra fold-out sofa. Private entry thru garage. Easy parking & transit. Centrally located safe neighborhood. Near Capitol Hill, UW, & downtown. We are seeking easy-going, eco-friendly, bird-loving travelers to stay in our quirky-but-cozy guest suite!  We offer what is almost a separate apartment with a moderately sized bedroom, a small-but-full-sized bathroom, and a well-lit living room.  The guest suite is located in the daylight basement of our ranch-style home! The bedroom is north-facing.  If you open the curtains, our backyard chickens may come to say hello at the window!  The bedroom includes a small laptop desk, chair, a closet with hangers, and a small dresser. The full-sized bed has a firm mattress purchased from Ikea in 2015.  Note that the fuse box for the house is located in this room, but we rarely have to access it. The windows are old, so we provide a space heater in wiWelcome ...Your new home is in thee Neighborhood of Denny Blaine close to Lake Washington. You have a private bedroom with a full bed, shared bathroom and living space with positive Energy! Simple! Clean, Toxin Free, Positive Energy, cozy, ground level (no stairs). Your front bedroom is private and ONLY for you!  Bathroom is shared and living room space.  No back yard access. If around we visit with our guests and guide them to great native places in Seattle  etc.  Sometimes we like to go out to dinner (dutch style) and other times we like making a meal for/with our guests.  Just depends on thee week.  If you are a guest that likes it chill and more private that can happen too! Well what is Unique you ask....there is NO Corporate America in the Denny Blaine.  There is the Lake down the hill and Mount Rainer is visible many days.  Eagles, Humming birds, a lot of birds.  A friendly neighborhood. Close to ravines , parks, lake, and many local shops and Delicious restaurants. Local #2 bus 1 bedroom (sleeps one) with private 1/2 bath in room. Share upper floor shower/bath and fully furnished main floor of classic home w/art and antiques. Desired neighborhood near Lake Washington, U of W, Seattle University,  Capitol Hill, and downtown. Boutique shops, bus lines, restaurants, and coffee nearby. Amazing house, neighbors, and in a quiet classic neighborhood of beautiful homes. Easy bus, access to freeways, shopping, boutique shops only blocks away I live (my bedroom) is on the top 1/2 (upstairs) of house. I will share the upper floor shower/bath, and entire main floor of house with guests. wonderful old and established neighborhood... great walking to shops and Lake! absolutely easy to get around Very 'particular' homeowner needs clean and responsible person (1). No Smokers, no petsThis is a detached, completely private apartment.  It has a full private bathroom with shower and tub, a private keyless entrance, and a kitchenette with a small refrigerator. Entrance: Check-in is easy, because the door is secured with an entrance code that is not reused.  No keys to get or return!  We send you your code and you can enter at any time day or night without arranging a time for us to give you keys. Privacy: This is a 100% private, detached unit. Parking and Driving: There is free parking available on 30th Avenue or on Dewey behind the unit. 520 is about 5 minutes away, giving you very quick access to either I5 or the East Side. Transportation: There is a ZipCar at 24th and Madison.  There are usually Car2Go cars on Madison near by. The bus stop is at E Madison St & 28th Ave E, less than a five minute walk away.  Downtown is about ten minutes on the 11 bus.  The 8 bus provides quick access to Seattle Center, Capitol Hill, Rainier Valley, and the Mount Baker Link station. Just outside the bustle of Capitol Hill, our home is on a safe, quite, tree-lined street. The bright, cozy studio includes modern finishes, vintage furniture, and a private patio. A five minute stroll brings you to restaurants, shops, art, and music! The little studio (which accommodates one or two people) has a queen size bed, a full kitchen, full bath (with tub), and a small private patio. It was designed with care, and  includes cork floors, subway tiles in the bathroom, large south and west facing windows, and modern and vintage furniture. It has a bright, modern, cozy feel.  The apartment has a private entrance with a key-coded door. The apartment includes free parking for one car, free wireless internet, and access to one bicycle.  Access to laundry can be negotiated for longer stays. The apartment is on the 2nd floor of a 4-story home. My family and I live on the 3rd and 4th floors, and a family friend lives on the 1st floor. Because I live on-site, I am happy to interact with gBeautifully renovated one bedroom carriage house on Cherry Hill near Seattle U, Swedish Hospital and Capital Hill. Garden patio with herb & flower planter boxes & hibachi. Flat screen TV, cable, AC, wifi, queen size bed, full bath and kitchen. The Cherry Hill Carriage House was built in 1925, and has been recently renovated. It has beautiful hardwood floors, tons of natural light, new paint, comfortable couch, and flat-screen TV. Free wifi. Great backyard patio with herb and flower garden, fire pit, and hibachi. Full bathroom with tub. Beautiful breakfast table. Fully equipped kitchen - stove, dishwasher, refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, pans, dishes, flat-ware. Small bedroom with queen size bed. Air conditioning. Perfect small house for one person or a couple for Seattle visits. Carriage house has it own entrance and access to the new patio and garden.  Patio is shared with the main house residents, but it is mostly yours. We will respect your privacy, unless there is an emergenThis is the main, separate top two stories of my home which I list when I am on holiday. It is very spacious with a modern yet stately style. The ground floor has a large living room, large dinning room, a large modern kitchen and large entry way. The second floor has three good size bedrooms, one king bed, one queen and one double bed, and two bathrooms.  All the artwork on the walls are mine. Photography is my out let but mostly do bodies of work for exhibitions. You will love the place. I do. The space has two floors the main level has an entry, living and dinning room and large kitchen. There is a quarter bathroom as well. It has a large deck in the front and a raised deck in the back with BBQs on each deck. The second floor has 3 bedrooms and two bathrooms and a laundry with washer and dryer. The main bedroom has a king bed and the beds in the two guest rooms are a queen bed and a double brass bed. The main bathroom has 2 sinks and a bath/shower. The second bathroom has a walk in Lovely turn of the century home, walking distance to cafes/restaurants in Capitol Hill neighborhood. Close to Downtown and Lake Washington parks/swimming beaches. Comfortably sleeps 8. Enjoy a beautiful patio/garden in the heart of the city. A beautiful 2 story home in central Seattle in a residential neighborhood with a large backyard and patio with grill. 3 upstairs bedrooms, 1 downstairs bedroom.  Washer and dryer.  A full bathroom on each floor. Wi-Fi access. Friendly neighbors.  Our home is within a block of coffee shops, rotating food trucks at Chuck's Hop Shop, a small cafe-cinema, with a large supermarket, and playgrounds nearby. As guests you will have access to the entire house. We will not be present during our guests stay.  But we will put you in touch with our helpful neighbors should you need assistance. You will have the entire house to yourselves. The Central District is a popular and walkable neighborhood due to its proximity to downtown, the International District, PiWhat a great location!  Everything you need is just a few minutes away.  Walk to Seattle's trendy Capital Hill neighborhood with amazing restaurants and boutiques.  This beautiful modern bedroom has everything you need for your stay.Boutique, large 1B 1B condo, short 3 min walk to Broadway, near some of the best restaurants n brunch places (Skillet, Zoe, Marjorie), decorated with abstract art, lots of windows, sunshine, views of columbia tower from balcony and from bed! decorated with abstract art from various artists;  views of columbia tower from balcony and bed, intercom, secure building, building and condo Skillet, Zoe, Marjorie bus 2 from beneath building, bus 10,11 2 blocks away from Madison street.Beautifully appointed 2 BR, 2.5 bath townhome in Capitol Hill.  Each BR has queen bed, TV, & bath.  Spacious upstairs living area.  Killer views of mountains.  1400 sq feet; 95/91 walk/bike scores.  Short walk to 2 groceries & restaurants, cafes, etcEco-friendly green built home that's only a few mins walk to some of the cities hip and trendy restaurants, bars and stores.  One block to public transportation.  Enjoy a private entrance, radiant floors, a deep soaking tub and a private patio. Markets: 2 blocks to Trader Joes and the Central Co-Op Food/Drink: 2 blocks to over 50 beers and ciders on tap and food carts at Chucks 3 blocks to amazing Thai food at Little Uncle 3 blocks to Vegan/Vegetarian options at Healeo 3 blocks to a Kaiseki Japanese at Naka 3 blocks to amazing Fish at Anchovies and Olives 3 blocks to great Pizza and Antipasti at Bar Cotto Coffee 2 blocks to amazing coffee at Tougo Coffee Yoga 1 block to Hot Yoga at Breathe Yoga 3 blocks to Yoga at Seattle Yoga Arts Gym 3 blocks to the YMCA Bus 1 block to bus lines: 10, 11 and 12 3 blocks to bus line: 48 10-15 min bus ride to downtown Seattle, Convention Center,  University of Washington (UW) etc 60 mins bus and light-rail to SeaTac airport Car 1 block to Zipcar WalkingBe next to all of the action on Capitol Hill! Within a few blocks of everything that happens in the hip neighborhood, close to great dining, bars and sites that Seattle has to offer. Oh, and the patio overlooking it all is great for people watching.Beautifully decorated, spacious new townhouse with fenced yard in ideal location at the heart of Capitol Hill in Seattle with easy public transportation to all parts of Seattle. Hello and nice to meet you! Peter (that's me) and Tricia would love to have you stay in our fabulous, fully furnished town home centrally located on Capitol Hill. I'm a software developer and Tricia is a interior designer. She's very talented and you'll see why!  While AirBnb says our three floor town home is in the Minor neighborhood it's really in one of the best Capitol Hill locations; just three blocks from one of the hippest parts of the city. Trader Joe's is just a block away and one of the best coffee houses in the city is only a few doors down.  The master bedroom and bath are the largest in this three floor condo and include a wall mounted TV and ample closet space with floor to ceiling drawers and two full size spaces for hanging clothes. Across from the master bedroom on the third floor is a large seThis cozy guesthouse is close to everything and yet quiet and peaceful.  Just a few blocks from Pike / Pine corridor and transit in Capitol Hill.  Recently remodeled with beautiful floors and a private patio.  Free parking, perfect for longer stays. Enjoy the full kitchen, private deck, living room with fireplace, dining room with large table, in-unit washer / dryer, dishwasher.  1 bedroom with queen-sized bed and a second full-sized fold out bed in the family room. Perfect for 2 to 4 people, 5 people if someone wants to crash on the second couch. Our little duplex is owner-occupied on one side.  Owners are quiet and have a cute dog (who doesn't make much noise!). Guests will have entire use of the guesthouse in this two-unit duplex house.  Guesthouse includes private deck. Guests are also welcome to use the shared fenced yard and hammock (although you may get occasionally pestered by an adorable little border collie). Owners are right next door and usually available to help.  We can aThis apartment has a large kitchen w/ direct access to the gigantic backyard. My apartment is the entire first floor of a two story duplex & is a 15 min walk to the best restaurants and bars on Capital Hill. This 1BR/1BA is the entire first floor of a two story duplex. A double bed sleeps 1-2 people, and an additional twin sized air mattress is available upon request. The best part is the backyard, which is super spacious with a small deck off the kitchen. The house is yours, so please feel free to use the kitchen & hang out in the living room. This quaint little neighborhood is nestled in between Capital Hill, the International District (ID) and the Central District (CD). In either direction you walk you are going to get a completely different experience, whether its the best fried chicken & ribs you've ever eaten, or Ethiopian food, or any type of Asian cuisine you can think - some of the city's top restaurants & cafes are located in this area. It's a really up and coming little spotMy cool & comfortable one bedroom apartment (750sq) has a true city feeling yet a calm vibe. One block away from main bus/streetcar lines & Starbucks, Walgreens, Red Apple Groceries, Dry-cleaner, Subway...and variety of food joints & authentic restaurants. Features local bar, art/museum. St parking, natural light, faces park. My place comfortably fits 3 or 4 people. There is one real full size bed, one queen size airbed & a couch. Has relaxing sitting in the balcony facing a park & overseeing downtown buildings through the green/gold (depends on season) tree leaves. You will love it. Guaranteed! Is one of the most diverse neighborhoods of the Seattle area. Here are some suggestions: *Cheeky Cafe  *Meskel Ethiopian Restaurant *Ezell's Fried Chicken *Tamarind Tree *Humble Pie *Green Leaf Vietnamese Or you have other big choices in the heart of Capitol Hill a little over a mile away :) Best suggestion: *Walking *Uber/Lyft *There's a three nights minimum stay on Thanksgiving, Christmas, NeEnjoy a quiet corner abode just blocks from some of Seattle's best activity. Fully implemented kitchen. Nice shower. Comfortable pull-out bed. The dates available are when I work crazy long hours at the hospital; can be flexible. Kitchen with full armament of cooking supplies.  Bathroom with great shower.  Quiet space. Wifi  Parking pass for Seattle Zone 2 (otherwise 2 hour limit).This private bedroom has a queen size bed, a table with a chair and reading lamp, two windows and a closet with built in shelving. This private bedroom has a queen size bed, a table with a chair and reading lamp, two windows and a closet with built in shelving.   The Cherry Hill House is a duplex located in the Cherry Hill/ Capitol Hill/ Central District neighborhood of Seattle.  Some people even call it Pill Hill because of its proximity to the hospitals (one of which is right across the street).  But it is technically not Pill Hill, it is just south of Capitol Hill, by about a five minute bike ride or a 20 minute walk.   The kitchen has a big fridge, electric stove, toaster oven, microwave, coffee maker, cookware, dishes and flatware, an island with a sink and stools for bar seating, and a deck out back (with landscaping that is in progress during the summer months).  Due to our work schedules, the room will be ready by 3pm, but you can always leave your bags inside the main house inThe Back Cabin Loft is one of 4 bedrooms in this historic home in the First Hill/ Cherry Hill District of Seattle. Nestled behind the main house, as a separate structure, you'll find the largest room we have available. This little cabin with a loft is nestled in the Cherry Hill/ Capitol Hill  of Seattle. The Cherry Hill House located in the Cherry Hill/ Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle.  Some people even call it Pill Hill because of its proximity to the hospitals (one of which is right across the street).  But it is technically not Pill Hill, it is just south of Capitol Hill, by about a five minute bike ride or a 20 minute walk.    The loft space itself has a railing across the end of it and a ladder up to it, and once up there you have a queen size bed, a small nightstand, and fan and a lamp.  You also have your own small refrigerator in the cabin, in addition to the full kitchen that is available in the main house.  In the lower area right now we have a small sofa bed.   Linens, ALL Yours! 3 floors, 3 bedrooms (+ Ikea sofa bed on the 1st floor in the living area) with 3 bathrooms (tub, double-headed shower, 1/2 bath), dream kitchen with gas stove, and roof top deck with city views. New construction 2013. Close to buses. Our home is simple, airy, and comfortable.  Our rooms echo that simplicity and calm.  (Okay, okay, "calm" except for maybe the closets on any given day, which *may* or may not be bursting with whatever the teens sons are trying to keep out of your way in their version of "cleaning up"...). Welcome to our home. We trust you will find your room a space of rest and respite during the fullness of your visit in Seattle. We hope you'll find a moment to enjoy the rooftop deck; we've discovered that it is a favorite for gathering to have a late night snack under the stars, or having private cell phone conversations, or just taking in a quiet breath alone before the day begins. During your visit, many of the spaces remain home-like for us. Though we areWelcome to AMBER! Lovely, centrally located whole-floor 2 bdr apt. Full amenities and easy access to all of Seattle's attractions. Designated parking spot, quiet, beautiful and super comfortable. Check out our other listing here: www.airbnb.com/room We have two apartments. This listing is for AMBER. To view her sister, Dahlia go to www.airbnb.com/rooms/(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)  Amber is located in the Central District. It is outfitted with all the amenities for a perfect stay:  •2 private bedrooms with queen size beds in each. •A fully equipped kitchen with a sit-at island & a separate dining area. •Great living room with a stereo and a flat-screen TV (with Roku access to our Netflix and Hulu+) •Full bathroom with shower and tub. •Washer & dryer. •Super-fast Wifi. •Tons of free parking right in front! AND: We live right next door, and are available for whatever you need! The Central District is a quiet neighborhood yet surprisingly close to downtown, it's quickly turning into Seattle's neVictorian guesthouse and events venue. Small weddings and creative endeavors. $350 overnight stay in four rooms, three bathrooms. Separate event-charge of $60 per hour, minimum 6, maximum 8 hours. Hosts live on-site. Must contact for availability.  We offer over 2,000 square feet of elegant, yet eclectic interior space and a beautiful, summer flower-garden. Your on-site hosts are an added bonus. One is a celebrated chef and vintage clothing stylist, and the other, a professional beer-taster and nutritionist! Their unique services can be negotiated in advance to finesse your special event, or overnight stay. We are a cannabis-friendly venue. Smoke 'em if you got 'em in our outdoor Pot-ting Shed.  For events, guests have access to all common-rooms on the first floor, and the outdoor areas. For weddings, the couple may have access to our en-suite to get ready. For overnight stays, guests have access to all first-floor rooms, bedrooms, and outdoor areas, as well.  Limited access to the kitOur 2-bed, 1.5-bath townhouse comfortably sleeps 4 people. Located on a quiet residential street with a secluded backyard, we're blocks from a few coffee shops, restaurants, and bus lines, and a 15-minute walk to Capitol Hill. Hablamos español. We're in an ideal location in Seattle's Central District with easy access to buses and freeways. We're located on a quiet street but only a few blocks away from a few coffee shops and restaurants and a 15- to 20-minute walk to Capitol Hill and downtown. Our home is a newly built townhouse with one other quiet unit. The lower floor contains the kitchen, half bath, and living room overlooking a secluded backyard. Our kitchen has butcher block countertops and is fully equipped with stainless steel refrigerator, microwave, stove, oven, and dishwasher. We have plenty of kitchenware, utensils, and spices available for use. The upper floor includes the two bedrooms, one bathroom, and washer/dryer. The sleeping accommodations: 1) The master bedroom overQUEEN/FULL BEDROOM WITH A PRIVATE FULL BATHROOM! Secured by ADT 7/24. Privately owned nicely furnished house in the popular and prime central district!Close to downtown, located near bus lines, blocks away from capitol hill where you can go for nightlife and good food!  Enjoy! Lovely bedroom with new nice furnitures, walk-in closet, full private bathroom with a bathtub and all necessaries(individually wrapped toothbrush and toothpaste, towel, hair dryer, shampoo, body soap and bottle water etc.) Individual entry, access to the back yard! Just feel free asking me anything if I am at home. You are always welcome to do that. :) Central district is a great location for any fun and adventure. Less than 10 min walk to capitol hill where you can go for many fun activities. 1.5 miles away from downtown/madrona beach/lake washinton blvd, 3 miles away from space needle/queen anne/University of Washington. Kitchen and living room might not be accessed before mid-September.Private room, double bed east of downtown for members of Subud spiritual community, renters & kindred spirits. Deals for 7-14 days. Quiet neighborhood across the street from a park. Light drinkers ok, drug users not welcome. No breakfast provided.   Located 1.1 miles from downtown and yet in a quiet neighborhood, we're across the street from a park, close to wonderful restaurants and grocery stores. People love our house and it's charm and energy. Downtown, restaurants, grocery stores, onsite laundry, a kitchen and other fine amenities. The Rental Agent has livd in Seattle since 1988 and can offer a special Poet's Tour of Seattle. From zero contact to being a tour guide of Seattle. It's quiet, close to wonderful restaurants and nightlife and our community has owned the house since 1974. Yes, take the 2 to or from downtown. You can take the Link Light Rail from SeaTac airport. We're a $10 cab ride from the Amtrak Station. We're also a short walk from a juice bar.Nested in the front garden of this historic home within the Cherry Hill/ First Hill District of Seattle, the Front Cabin is a stand alone structure offering complete privacy. 15ft away is main house containing kitchen, bathroom, & living room. This sweet little cabin is nestled in the Cherry Hill/ Capitol Hill/ Central District of Seattle. The Cherry Hill House located in the Cherry Hill/ Capitol Hill/ Central District neighborhood of Seattle.  Some people even call it Pill Hill because of its proximity to the hospitals (one of which is right across the street).  But it is technically not Pill Hill, it is just south of Capitol Hill, by about a five minute bike ride or a 20 minute walk.   Out the front door are the communal gardens, which are in progress all summer long, and usually go dormant in the winter.  Paces away is the main house with a full kitchen and a bathroom with a claw foot tub.  The kitchen has a big fridge, electric stove, toaster oven, microwave, coffee maker, cookware    Custom painted private bedroom (w/original art), bath (plush bathrobes) and balcony in a quiet neighborhood close to Seattle U, Capital Hill & Madrona. Steps to transit.  FREE off-street parking. Kitty on site. Vegan friendly.       I'm an artist and my house shows it. Not only are my paintings on the walls, the walls are my paintings. Photos accurately represent the space. Luxurious robes for your use. Breakfast included. Please let me know of food restrictions if any. FREE parking and internet, big TV, Hulu Plus. Digital antennae for local stations. Bright, colorful, and happy home. Parking for normal-sized cars. No big trucks or campers. Please make sure you have an off-line validation, such as a driver's license, before booking. Guests can use the kitchen and common areas on the first floor but please clean up after yourselves.  My area is on the second floor and off limits to guests.  You may park in the back next to my car if you have a normal sized vehicle. You can access thImmaculate and charming three story townhouse on a quiet street perched at the edge of the trendy Capitol Hill neighborhood.  This is truly a beautiful spot and while I work as a professional chef, I love playing host in my spare time. My home is your home.  I love it. Just on the edge of the Capitol Hill nightlife, yet on a quiet street where your sleep goes untroubled.  Beautiful views of the city, and in summer a patio and yard.  See you soon! Guests have access to the entire house, excepting my bedroom.  But for real: high speed internet, hot showers, probably a home cooked meal once in a while, a small yard, a large patio, 2 bathrooms, kitchen, and all living space.  I have a security system if you are feeling nervous, but my neighborhood is boringly safe. If you need any special accommodations just give me a heads up, I'm happy to accommodate what I can. I stay quite busy, and likely won't be bothersome.  On occasion I may have dinner parties to which my guests are always cordialIn Aug and Sept this 2nd floor master bedroom is available in our home. 2-3 people. Comfortable king bed with a sunny ensuite bathroom with walk-in bathroom that has two shower heads and two sinks (no tub). Rooftop deck and laundry access. Our home is simple and comfortable.  Our rooms echo that simplicity and calm.  (Okay, okay, "calm" except for the closets which, on any given day, *may* or may not be bursting with whatever the teens sons are trying to keep out of your way in their version of "cleaning up"...). Welcome to our home. We trust you will find your room a space of rest and respite during the fullness of your visit in Seattle. We hope you'll find a moment to enjoy the rooftop deck; we've discovered that it is a favorite for gathering to have a late night snack under the stars, or having private cell phone conversations, or just taking in a quiet breath alone before the day begins. During your visit, many of the spaces remain home-like for us. Though we are happy to walk youJust south of Capitol Hill, Seattle's densest neighborhood, my house is one mile from downtown in a pretty quiet neighborhood primarily populated by single-family households, blocks away from multiple bus lines, and dozens of restaurants and shops. I am very fortunate to have lived for more than 20 years in a beautiful, sunny house, built in 1901 in a style the locals call, "Seattle four-square." The house has wood floors, tall ceilings, and is located one mile from downtown, just blocks from Capitol Hill and Seattle University. There are multiple bus lines within four blocks (in two directions) and dozens of restaurants, bars and shops are a ten-minute walk away. Two hospitals, Swedish and Providence Cherry Hill, are also within a ten-minute walk. The house is fully furnished, including my two cats, Lula and Ali, who are used to guests. Even when I am gone, the cats are fed and cared for, so that won't be a chore for guests. There is kitchen shelf and refrigerator space for airbnb gueOpen 1-BR loft w/private patio in the heart of Capitol Hill. Walking distance to bars, restaurants, coffee shops, music venues and shopping. Quick access to downtown and Pike Place Market. Rooftop deck with amazing Mt. Rainier views and BBQ access.  Urban loft with it's own private patio in the heart of Capitol Hill. Full bathroom with shower, bathtub and fresh towels. Washer and dryer in unit. Fully equipped kitchen with access to coffee maker, french press, stove, microwave and dish washer.  Community rooftop deck with unobstructed views of Mt. Rainier and Lake Washington. Street parking available with guest pass for one car.  WiFi and cable TV in unit.  As much as needed by guest. We will not be staying in unit, but available if need be.  Walking distance to some of the best restaurants and bars Seattle has to offer. Quick access to both downtown and Lake Washington.  Bus stop immediately outside building with 5 minute bus ride to downtown. I will provide bus pass at request. Stay in the land of geek! See the wall of shame (wall of dead circuit boards), my own photography gallery & my greenhouse bathroom! WiFi & guest computers. 2blocks from the popular Capital Hill neighborhood & Seattle University. Memory Foam Bed. The wall of shame (colorful wall of dead circuit boards), my own photography gallery, my greenhouse bathroom, fast desktop computers for use or even watch movies in 3D. Everything. Kitchen, bathroom, entertainment center, computers, computer servicing at discounted price, patio, BBQ, board games, laundry room. I have two listings. This one is for crashing at my pad while I'm here. I'll take the couch while you get my comfy memory foam bed. The other listing you get the entire place to yourself for $249 a night (Sunday-Thursday) or $299 (Friday & Saturday). Capital Hill - Great food, music, nightlife, close to downtown and right in the middle of the city making it convenient to get anywhere. There are buses, bike lanes, cars2go and soon light raIt's close enough to walk to the trendy cap hill area and it's a short uber ride downtown or 30 minute walk. There are multiple bus lines that are REALLY close - the 3,4 lines that go downtown and the 48 that goes to the University of Washington. I work during the day and keep pretty busy, I'm happy to give you any advice when I'm around, but will generally keep to myself. You will be staying in the living room area of the apartment. I have an air mattress and a couch you can use. You are welcome to use the kitchen/dining area, bathroom/shower, and wireless internet. I'm happy to help when I can with rides and advice, but I work during the day. Close to the 3,4 & 48 bus lines I am generally pretty busy, so if you're looking for a maid or a tour guide go elsewhere :) You'll always have clean sheets & I try to keep things as clean as I can, but don't expect the apartment to spotless.Our eclectic 900 sq ft home is stocked with plants, thrift finds and oddities. You will have the whole place to yourself. Plenty of on-street parking. 1 mile to the Pike/Pine corridor (bars, clubs, restaurants galore). Picnic items included! 1905 Victorian railroad apartment with hardwood floors. Easily go paint the town or save some money and dine in, the kitchen is ready. In the master bedroom there is a full size memory foam cozy bed. The second bedroom is set up as a sewing/work room and has floor space for the electric inflatable mattress (Aero bed). There also is a mega long (86") "crash couch". We have the tallest shower head in all of Seattle! Seven feet of clearance. Bathroom has heated floors. Fresh linens, towels, shampoo and breakfast stocked in the fridge for your stay. Chill shared backyard and patio. Big bathtub with tall shower. Gadgets:  Wireless Internet, Ethernet cable  Printer/Scanner  HDMI Projector  Record Player and LPs  Star Projector! Kitchen:  The kitchen has This home is nested in a quiet but bustling neighborhood 12 minutes from Downtown, 30 minutes from Safeco Field. It is a launch point for your business, city, and nature adventures. Welcome to my home with breakfast, a backyard and a cozy atmosphere. My goal is to help you feel at home! Dogs are welcome in this cozy home with a quiet but bustling neighborhood. You have access to the whole upstairs living space except for my bedroom. This includes your private bedroom with a keyed lock, our shared bathroom, the kitchen, dining room, living room, and patio with mini-barbeque. You also have access to a front porch surrounded by nature with a summertime hammock and seating, and a backyard with grass, fire pit, and raised garden beds. You have your own mini fridge and mini pantry to store your own food, and I will include some breakfast items like eggs, cereal, milk, fruit, bread, peanut butter, and jam. Let me know your food restrictions ahead of time; it is Seattle, so I can accommodate jA cozy room with a full size bed and vintage flourishes. Located in a historic farm house just up the hill from Downtown Seattle with original fir floors, dramatic windows, and high ceilings. This unique home offers a peaceful escape from city life. Our house is filled with light, original art, interesting furnishings, and lively house plants. You will find soft cotton towels and a cozy place to sleep here. Our bathroom has a deep claw foot tub - so relax and enjoy.  We have an incredibly friendly house cat named Brigitte who is sure to warm your heart. She stays inside so please be careful when you come and go... You are invited to enjoy the entire house during your stay. Please make yourself at home! We have a great kitchen, living room, and dining space to share with you. We will be around to offer friendly tips about the city. If you have any questions, just ask! Our neighborhood is very quiet and residential. It is conveniently located just up the hill from downtown.   Our local cArtist inspired enclave walking distance to Capitol Hill's restaurants, bars and coffee shops. My home, circa 1905, is artfully curated inside and out keeping much of the vintage charm.  Small deck off the bright dining room overlooks the garden Your room was the original living room so it is large with high ceilings and has its own private entrance and interior locking door for privacy. There are gizmos and gadgets a plenty that add to the charm of the space.  Queen size bed and cool artistic touches make this a memorable place to stay. The shared space includes a dining room, kitchen and bathroom. This is a key box on the front door The Front and back yard and south private side yard are open for your use. Coin-op Washer and Dryer located in the back of the building basement door kept unlocked year round. I live here and work three blocks away.  I own and manage the rest of the units in the building.  The lower bedroom is my office.  I may be available to visit or even show you some Private room (two single beds) east of downtown for members of Subud spiritual community, renters/kindred spirits. Deals for 7-14 days. Quiet neighborhood. Park across the street. Light drinkers ok, drug users not welcome. No breakfast provided.    Located 1.1 miles from downtown and yet in a quiet neighborhood, we're across the street from a park, close to wonderful restaurants and grocery stores. People love our house and it's charm and energy. Downtown, restaurants, grocery stores, onsite laundry, a kitchen and other fine amenities. The Rental Agent has livd in Seattle since 1988 and can offer a special Poet's Tour of Seattle. From zero contact to being a tour guide of Seattle. A Poet's Tour os Seattle is available. Inquire. It's quiet, close to wonderful restaurants and nightlife and our community has owned the house since 1974. Yes, take the 2 to or from downtown. You can take the Link Light Rail from SeaTac airport. We're a $10 cab ride from the Amtrak Station. We're also a shortRoom 1 for members of Subud spiritual community, renters/kindred spirits. Quiet neighborhood. Light drinkers ok, drugs users not welcome. Legendary poet Joanne Kyger stayed here during the 2014 Cascadia Poetry Fest. No breakfast provided.       Our rates are about 1/2 to 1/3 of nearby hotels, much more private and quiet and in a great, lively neighborhood a long walk east of downtown Seattle. Located 1.1 miles from downtown and yet in a quiet neighborhood, we're across the street from a park, close to wonderful restaurants and grocery stores. People love our house and it's charm and energy. Wifi, bus lines, a park across the street and downtown Seattle. Great restaurants, a juice bar and, as you can imagine, excellent coffee shops nearby. Onsite laundry too. We like to check them in. On Monday and Thursday nights and mid-morning Saturdays and Sundays, guests may see some members of the Subud community coming to the house to do latihan. Guests can also book a Poet's Tour of Seattle. PlePrivate bedroom in home -Queen-sized bed -Ensuite bathroom -Keyless entry into house -Centrally located  -Short walk to many great restaurants/clubs -Rooftop deck with views of Mount Rainier  We have 2 rooms available in our home for rent.  The room is garden facing making it very quiet at night. It is located up one flight of stairs.  The room has a queen-sized bed, a very spacious closet, its own attached 3/4 bathroom, a reading chair and free wi-fi. We use a keyless entry system so you don't ever have to worry about losing the key! As a guest you will have access to the common areas which include the kitchen/dining room, living room and private rooftop deck. Our interaction with guests varies with day of the week and time of year, however we are usually available by phone or e-mail even when we are not at home. We are frequently gone on weekends. If you would be interested in feeding the cats if we are away please let me know at the time of the booking. The house is situated within Large room in Seattle's best neighborhood,  capital hill  Centrally located house close to pike/pine corridor, several grocery stores. Su, and scccCentrally located Victorian house close to pike/pine corridor. Downtown. Su and scccComfortable living with private bedroom in a beautiful, renovated home along the distinct crossroads of the city: Capitol Hill, the Central District and Little Saigon. Tall ceilings, skylights garden, chickens and relaxing deck spaces. Comfortable living within walking distance to Capitol Hill and the International District, with chickens in the backyard to give a sweet taste of Seattle living.     - furnished with a full sized bed     - WiFi (b3llaj8ck)     - Projector for full screen on wall movies     - Kitchen and Dining area     - Backyard and Garden + Patio     - Bathroom with full shower and washer/dryer.     - Towels and Linens     - NFT (Not for Tourists) Guide to Seattle (2011) and other guides. - If cooking is your delight, please feel free to make meals with our pots, pans and spices. We encourage you to check out the Asian markets nearby for great produce and fair prices. - If it turns out you need to do laundry when you are staying with us, please do! - The backyard and fThis sweet studio borders on a one bedroom, has a huge bathroom with tub, and a big deck out back. The perfect tree house getaway from the city while being close to everything.  It is the upper floor of the duplex house and has a private entrance. This private studio apartment is a sweet deal! It can accommodate up to four people.  Located at 18th and East Jefferson, we are in the Cherry Hill/ Capitol Hill/ Central District neighborhood of Seattle.  The apartment has a separate entrance, and we've got wifi throughout the premises.  The apartment includes a queen size bed, a twin day bed with another twin trundle bed that pulls out from underneath, a private bathroom and kitchen with a stove and microwave, and a big deck that overlooks the serene back yards of the whole block, as well as a view of some of the taller buildings of downtown.  The apartment is in the upper floor of a duplex, which is set back form the street in a big front yard with a garden that is in progress as the summeContemporary house in the middle of the city.  Central location between Capitol Hill (Culture) and Madison Valley (Relaxation) and right on the transit lines to the rest of the city and and surrounding area.  Great home base for your city adventures! The house has a very warm contemporary feel.  There are stained concrete floors on the first floor, and hard wood floors on the second floor.  Exposed wood beams, and columns throughout the structure, with matching wood doors, cabinetry, and trim. The house is fair game. There is a 65" 4k TV in the living room with Apple TV, Netflix, Hulu Plus, HBO, a PS4, a Nintendo Wii, and a large collection of DVDs and Blue-Rays.  The kitchen is fully equipped for everything from simple breakfast to a multi-course meal.  There is grocery store across the street for any items you may need as well.  Use of the bicycles is negotiable for exploring around town. I'm a Seattle Native, and love hosting guests.  If you need recommendations on day trips, restau    Our comfy double-bed loft is priced right for the budget traveler. Small but well-appointed: room for luggage, a small desk for a lap-top, a chest of drawers and a nice rocking chair for reading up Seattle's best sites. Sweet dreams at a sweet price!    Our truly, central home is grand in scale--we have four bedrooms to rent! Click on our profile picture on the right, then scroll down on the left side to see our other beautiful bedrooms :o The 1903 space has a  one bedroom to one bathroom ratio and there are four other spacious common rooms: a book lounge, parlor, dining room and farmhouse-sized kitchen. Our surrounding outdoor spaces include an open air porch, lawn, garden and picnic table with a fire-pit and BBQ. Laundry facilities are available for a small fee. An outdoor clothesline is available for rinsing and drying gear, as well. There is a locked storage area for bicycles. There is off street parking and a guest parking pass.  Our guests will have access to all common spaceThis is the second bedroom in my new town home.  Very close to everything but one block off the main streets so it's nice and quiet.  One block from Seattle University.  Walk to the convention center and downtown. This is the 2nd bedroom in my town home, on the 3rd floor. Feel free to hang out downstairs!  I do :)  Also you can use the Nespresso machine, but there's literally 20 coffee shops within 3 blocks so you can get much fancier coffee if you want it. Fridge has plenty of space for whatever, I try to keep some beer and wine on the top shelf for guests.  Also pots and pans are in the cupboard below the counter if you want to cook something, just please clean up! I'm happy to have guests over!  Come chat.  I'm out and about quite a bit though, might not ever see me depending on your schedule. Again - right in the heart of everything Seattle, hipster, artsy, and fun! Tons of buses, ubers, taxis, etc.  But mostly - walk. I do have two rooms up on Airbnb so there's usually another gueAt the fringe of vibrant Capitol Hill in Seattle, this small, cozy loft apartment offers views, colorful interior, privacy, quiet, a free parking pass, and complete walkability.  Sip coffee on a private balcony with views of First Hill. Climb up to a cozy bed loft at night, peer out the porthole, and try to spot the Space Needle. Walk three blocks north to experience dining, art, dance, and music along Broadway or the Pike/Pine corridor on Capitol Hill. Downtown Seattle is a 30 minute walk away, or easily accessed via bus. Use the free guest parking pass for unlimited street parking. Relax in the petite, lovingly curated living space with books, plants, piano, and abundant natural light. This pocket-sized third floor apartment is accessed by narrow interior stairs from the building's private and well lit entryway, shared with other building residents. The front door is secured and well-lit. The sleeping loft in the apartment is accessed by narrow ladder steps.  I'll make arrangements pIt's located in the heart of the Capital Hill neighborhood of Seattle and is minutes away from Seattle University, Broadway and Downtown Seattle.  This basement bedroom has everything you need and more.   Come join us and enjoy it all!Located in the heart of Capitol Hill, Seattle, this completely private, petite studio apartment is perfect for a single traveler or couple. A separate entrance off of a lush and green back yard garden leads you to a petite space with full amenities. The apartment is an oasis of quiet just a minutes' walk from some of the best restaurants and bars and cutting edge art in the city. The location is a perfect mix of serene and bustling, urban and sanctuary. The studio is outfitted with a full, galley kitchen and a spa-like bathroom with a separate w/c, shower and custom, 3x4x4 concrete Japanese soaking tub. There is an extremely comfortable pull out sofa bed in the main room. (really!) We are world travelers and have spent many a night on an uncomfortable bed - you will sleep peacefully on this smartly engineered sofa bed. Guests have access to their private apartment and their own off-street parking spot. (detailed information provided at time of booking). The back yard / garden is also aThis open plan large light-filled one bedroom apartment is the top floor of a 1903 built triplex on the top of Capitol Hill.  Gorgeous 180 degree views of downtown Seattle, the Olympic Mountains, and south of the city.   This unusual apartment occupies two levels, with the entryway and bedroom on the lower level (the second floor up from the street), and the living, kitchen, and bath on the next level up (third floor up from the street).   The bedroom is not closed off from the rest of the apartment (open plan). This space is good for up to four guests for shorter stays (under one week), and up to two guests for stays longer than a week. The bedroom has a queen size regular bed.  The sofa in the upper level opens out into a full size sofa bed. There are two balconies, with one looking south (from the kitchen) and the other looking west (towards downtown, Space Needle, and Olympic Mountains) with French doors from the living room.   This lovely apartment features two separate balconies,Private room east of downtown for members of Subud spiritual community, renters & kindred spirits. Deals for 7-14 days. Quiet neighborhood across the street from a park. Light drinkers ok, drugs users not welcome. No breakfast is provided.    Our rates are about 1/2 to 1/3 of nearby hotels, much more private and quiet and in a great, lively neighborhood a long walk east of downtown Seattle. Located 1.1 miles from downtown and yet in a quiet neighborhood, we're across the street from a park, close to wonderful restaurants and grocery stores. People love our house and its charm and energy. Wifi, bus lines, a park across the street and downtown Seattle. Great restaurants, a juice bar and, as you can imagine, excellent coffee shops nearby. Onsite laundry too. We like to check them in. On Monday and Thursday nights and mid-morning Saturdays and Sundays, guests may see some members of the Subud community coming to the house to do latihan. Guests can also book a Poet's Tour of Seattle. PleaseStay in a modern townhome that won the American Institute of Architects Future Shack competition! My home is centrally located within walking distance to downtown and great ethnic food. Two bedrooms, each with queen bed and their own bathrooms. My friends say this is the most unique townhome they've ever been in. Personally, I really appreciate the architectual touches such as the solar radiant heated floors, the colorful, light-filled kitchen, and the funky built-in shelving. My photo gallery downstairs currently features photos from my travels in India, Puerto Rico, Tibet, and the Washington Coast. In addition to the queen beds: a couch and a queen sized air mattress are available if you want to squeeze 3 more people in--no extra charge! If you're just looking for the guest bedroom (not the whole house) go here: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/2802844 Kitchen, media room (with Netflix), washer and dryer are available for your use. Help yourself to coffee and bread/butter/jam in the mornSpacious upstairs room with a private bathroom and big windows. Our home is located in Seattle's Central District, with easy access by foot to Capitol Hill, or via bus to University of WA and the airport. The room is private room in a shared household, with its own bathroom and large windows to let in the light. There are 2 roommates on the lower levels, and one upstairs. We have a beautiful home---hand-painted mosaics and a working fountain and fireplace in the living area. Full access to our living area, kitchen, and on-site laundry room. You will have your own key. You'll be free to come and go as you please. Hosting is pretty hands-off, but we're very available to answer questions about the house and city. Central District is in the center of Seattle (as says the name!). This means easy access to major attractions--bus lines within two blocks of our home to downtown, the University of Washington, and the Capitol Hill neighborhood for food/nightlife. Two downtown buslines are only tOur beautifully renovated 1 bedroom apartment is centrally located a few blocks from Capitol Hill and 3 blocks from Seattle university. Full amenities with all the benefits of location on a quiet street.  We have a plum tree, grape vines and blackberry bushes in the backyard. Enjoy. Guests are welcome to enjoy the entire space.  Currently the 2 bedroom is undergoing renovations so be careful of the grass in the backyard as its new and the deck has not been reinforced. Most guests I meet during their stay, either during check in or check out. We are located about a mile from the pike/pine corridor. It's a quick walk to everything you could want but or block is quiet with little foot traffic. There are bus lines as close as a block away. Good location for public transit.Get the best of the city life in a comfortable house close to everything. Charming 1904 house is spacious and light filled with Skylights and large windows throughout. Updated Kitchen with granite counter tops and stainless appliances. This is a charming spacious house with character.  Warm and inviting is our goal. Although it is simply furnished we make sure you have everything you need. Most guest tell us that there is more space than they were expecting. Great light and windows throughout. You have full access to our space and lots of privacy. We do some yard work periodically to maintain or garden but always make sure we are out of your way. We want you to feel at ease and welcome. Should you need anything we are here to guide you and help where we can. Excellent neighborhood close to all Capitol Hill night life and amenities. Easy access to downtown. We have the best location. In the middle of the city but tucked away in a small neighborhood.  The house is seconds away from bustlNew fully furnished private room and full bath with brand new refrigerator, microwave, dresser, 32" flat screen TV. Located in the heart of Seattle with walking distance to International District, Capitol Hill, and DT Seattle (15-20 mins walk). This private room with queen bed and full bath has my personal artwork in the room that I rotate occasionally. The room has a DVD player with complimentary DVDs for you to watch after a long day of touring Seattle, hiking in our great outdoors, or attending a meeting. There are books that I've enjoyed for your reading pleasures on the desk with the lamp. The room has a great view of downtown Seattle from your front door which also has a screen which opens up for fresh air. The refrigerator has complimentary 2 bottles of water upon arrival because everyone needs to hydrate. The bathroom has plush towels, soap, shampoo, and conditioner for your convenience. A private access to your own room facing the patio and garden with your own full bathroom aComfortable small one bedroom condo, that is close to everything great about Seattle. 6 Blocks from all the bars in Capitol Hill, 5 minute walk to the International District. Comes with street parking pass. Simple condo with everything you need.   My small 450 square foot condo has everything you need for a nice stay. A full kitchen, entertainment system and endless hot water for the shower! I will provide a parking pass so that you can have free street parking right in front of the condo! It is a very small and quiet community. You are just minutes from all of Capitol Hills bars and restaurants. Nothing is too far from my place. You will have full access to everything in the condo. Please do not go into my closet, it is an open closet in my bedroom. Other than that it is all yours. If you are renting this space I will not be there.  The condo is located in the up & coming central district. You are a 5 minute uber ride from the heart of Capitol Hill. Or you can easily walk to the InterA large stylish private room located on a quiet street in Seattle's hippest neighborhood.  Walking distance to great night life, restaurants, theaters, parks, shops, museums, and more! A large and very unique private room with two queen sized beds and a full sized couch.  The Red Room is decorated in a style that combines elements of a backstage green room, a French brothel, and a modern musician's apartment with luxuries including five star hotel quality bedding and towels, a piano, an awesome record collection, ten foot movie screen, universal charging station, and stocked complimentary mini-bar! Allergy Warning: our very social cat Rupert lives here too (but he is short haired and outside much of the time). A full kitchen, bathroom w/ shower, dining area, outdoor patio, on site laundry, WiFi, Rupert the cat.   (We should warn you that our bathroom is incredibly tiny, but it gets the job done, and we do have a well lit foyer with a huge mirror - if say, a large group of you all needeOur lovely 2 bedroom house is centrally located on a quiet street between downtown and Lake WA. Walk to local restaurants, bars and to the vibrant Pike/Pine area of Capitol Hill. Enjoy a 2 person hot tub, grill, porch, & easy access to bus lines. Our house is located on a small tree lined street in the heart of Seattle.   -There are two bedrooms each with a full size bed and space to put away your things.  There is also a queen sleeper sofa in the living room to accommodate more guests.   -There is a 27" iMac in the living room that serves as the main entertainment center.  Through the iMac you will be able to watch movies, listen to music, and browse the internet.   -The kitchen has a gas stove, dual drawer dishwasher, toaster oven and large refrigerator. Coffee and tea are complimentary.   -There is a washer and dryer in the house should you need to do any laundry.   -Outside you will find a gas grill and a two person hot tub.   Guests have access to the entire house and yard except A cute cottage near Capitol Hill, Seattle University and area hospitals. This small private cottage has charm and all the comforts of home. Near amazing food and fantastic coffee. The cottage is very private and located at the back of a duplex apartment. Access to the cottage is through a sliding gate along the left side of the apartment. I live just up the street from the cottage and I'm available if needed. The 12th Avenue corridor is full of yummy food, great coffee and fun nightlife. Near Capitol Hill and Downtown this is a great quite spot with easy access to all of the fun Seattle has to offer. Nearby Restaurants: Ba Bar (any noodle bowl) and Lemongrass (chicken curry) are great for lunch. Café Presse is my favorite for Breakfast. Cherry Street Coffee is perfect for coffee anytime. Shopping: there is a corner market on 12th Ave a couple of blocks north of the apartment. There is also a gas station on 12th and Cherry just south of the unit. Great location. Cute cottage.Two bedrooms in a brand new modern house in the heart of Seattle! Very high end with a touch of mid century flair. Private rooftop deck with hot tub and view of the city. Walking distance to restaurants and shops. Close to downtown, Capitol Hill, and the stadiums. I have two bedrooms each with their own bed and sharing a bathroom. The spaces are both large and bright with plenty of closet space. You'll also have a computer/desk setup in case you want to browse the internet, do some work, or watch Netflix. The house itself is brand new and very modern. You'll be sharing the space with me, my girlfriend, and my dog (very friendly). My dog DOES NOT shed and is hypoallergenic. You'll also have access to the rooftop deck for dining or lounging in the sun. Guests will have access to the whole house, minus my office and bedroom. I live at the house and am happy to help play tour guide! My house is conveniently located to all the major attractions in Seattle and is walking distance to downtownBeautiful space in Capitol Hill, that it is minutes from the best local bars, groceries, and excellent dining options. This open one bedroom apartment has  wooden floors, a serene view of the courtyard with large windows, and fully-equipped kitchen.  It's a lovely space with wooden floors, fully-equipped kitchen, and in-unit washer and dryer. In the dining area, there is a large rustic table that can fit 8 people. In addition to a queen sized bed, I have a flat mattress that can be pulled out, a comfy couch, and an air mattress. Plenty of sleeping options! Note: The apartment is technically an open one-bedroom apartment, which means that there isn't a door to the bedroom, but a curtain for privacy. As for TV, I don't have cable, but I do have AppleTV which allows you to stream from iOS devices or use my Netflix and HBOGo. You'll have access to the rooftop deck and community room!  Not much interaction beyond key exchange.  This is the best, most vibrant neighborhood in Seattle. You're A cozy room with a full size bed and vintage flourishes. Located in a historic farm house just up the hill from Downtown Seattle with original fir floors, dramatic windows, and high ceilings. This unique home offers a peaceful escape from city life.  Our house is filled with light, original art, interesting furnishings, and lively house plants. You will find soft cotton towels and a cozy place to sleep here. Our bathroom has a deep claw foot tub - so relax and enjoy.  We have an incredibly friendly house cat named Brigitte who is sure to warm your heart. She stays inside so please be careful when you come and go...  You are invited to enjoy the entire house during your stay. Please make yourself at home! We have a great kitchen, living room, and dining space to share with you.  We will be around to offer friendly tips about the city. If you have any questions, just ask! Our neighborhood is very quiet and residential. It is conveniently located just up the hill from downtown.   Our locaUpscale, intimate, modern condo located in the Pike/Pine corridor, the heart of one of Seattle's most desired neighborhoods, Capitol Hill. Access to two major bus lines, walking distance to great bars and restaurants, along with quick navigation to downtown Seattle. Feel free to contact me with any questions! This space is unique because it is super clean and located in the heart of Capitol Hill while still being extremely quiet and cozy. You will be given a fob and key to access the unit through a private entry off 14th Ave. A guest parking pass is also available with a $50 cash deposit. The deposit will be returned to you once the guest pass is returned:-) I will personally check you in and will be available for anything you may need during your stay. I love the abundance of amazing restaurants, bars, dance clubs, and parks in lovely Capitol Hill. Some of my favorites are Pony, Tavern Law and Rplace just to name a few. Major bus lines 10/11 stop regularly on Pine St. Right outside thThis one bedroom, one bath apartment offers the benefit of a yard and a beautiful view of the city. Located in Capitol Hill/ Central District, it's close to a variety of restaurants, bars, parks and shops. About 1.5 miles to downtown/pikes place. In a house-turned-apartment, we are on the second floor of a triplex unit. We love living close to everything, but just far enough away from the hustle and bustle. The unit is cozy, modern and clean. Equipped with Apple TV (with access to Hulu, Netflix, and HBO), Xbox, and a record player for guest use. There is a queen size bed and a large couch for additional guests. Plenty of extra blankets for colder nights. Guest have access to the entire unit and a side yard that is shared with the two other units. There is a fire pit that you're more than welcome to use as long as it is maintained at all times and carefully put out after. The only access you will not have to is to our basement. We will be most likely be out of town while you're here, buLocation ! !  Downtown & Pike Place Market: 20-30 min walk, Capitol Hill & Pike/Pine: 10-15 minutes walk.  Comfortable home on tree lined side street of Pike/Pine.  Multitude of cafes, bars, and the best book store in Seattle. We are in a 'workers' Victorian house built in 1900 located a 20-30 minute walk directly east of Downtown on a tree-lined residential street.  The private bedroom with queen size bed accommodates two comfortably.  The bath is adjacent, and is shared if both rooms are occupied. The guest bedrooms (2) and bath are on the main floor, and entry is through the front door.  We look forward to sharing the adjacent Living and Dining rooms with visitors. There is a Keurig coffee maker in the Dining room that is available for guest use.  We live primarily upstairs and in a rear kitchen, though on winter evenings Louis tends to be sitting by a fire in the Living room. We look forward to welcoming you into our home.  We enjoy meeting new people and spending time with them.  Located in the heart of the city, on the edge of Capitol Hill and the Central District.  Short walking distance to many popular restaurants and several grocery stores yet in a quiet residential neighborhood.  TransitScore of 68 and a Walkscore of 91. Loft apartment located in a 1905 house. The apartment is split into two levels, separated by a spiral staircase.  Main floor has entrance (from the private deck), kitchen, bathroom, dining area and cozy lounge with gas fireplace.   The kitchen is newly renovated, fully functional with granite countertops. The top floor is accessed via the spiral staircase.  This is a large, light-filled room with cool angled ceilings, three skylights (with light-blocking shades), and two beds - one queen, one full. While this space can sleep four people in two beds, guests should be aware that the beds are both in a single large open space. The bathroom is bright and light with a large claw-foot bathtub and shower. This rental is for the apartment loft andCute room and access to huge kitchen and garden out back.A French Victorian double bed stylishly graces the "Victorian Charm". Sweet dreams for someone who likes a true vintage setting. Perfect for the single traveler or a couple who like a cozy setting. Close to the shared bath with a garden view. Our truly central home is grand in scale yet very cozy and accommodating. To see our other beautiful rooms, click on our profile picture on the right, then scroll down on the left side :o The 1903 space has a  one bedroom to one bathroom ratio and there are four other spacious common rooms: a book lounge, parlor, dining room and farmhouse-sized kitchen. Our surrounding outdoor spaces include an open air porch, lawn, garden and picnic table with a fire-pit and BBQ. Laundry facilities are available for a small fee. An outdoor clothesline is available for rinsing and drying gear, as well. There is a locked storage area for bicycles. There is off street parking and a guest parking pass.  Our guests will have access to all common spaces, wifi, a landliStay in the land of geek! Best location in Seattle. Enjoy fast WiFi, guest computers, circuit board walls, photography gallery, 3D home theater, greenhouse bathroom, patio garden/BBQ, queen memory foam bed, pullout couch sleeps 2. The wall of shame (wall of dead circuit boards), my own photography gallery, my greenhouse bathroom, computers for use, watch movies in blu-ray 3D or anything from my huge movie library. BBQ on garden Patio. Pay laundry in building. Just about everything. Kitchen, bathroom, entertainment center, computers, games, computer servicing at discounted price, patio, BBQ I have two options for this listing. 1st, you can have the entire place to yourself for $249/night (Sun-Thurs) and $299 (Fri-Sat). The other option is crashing at my pad while I'm here. Guests always get my dreamy memory foam bed. What's more important then a good night sleep! Cost for sharing the place is $99 (Sun-Thus) or $129 (Fri-Sat). Capital Hill - Great food, music, nightlife, close to downtowSimple 3rd floor guest room: sleeps 2 on a new Ikea queen mattress resting directly on the floor, Asian-style, with desk, full-bath shared with other guests, laundry access, and rooftop patio access. Wifi available. Excellent bus access. No pets. Our home is simple and comfortable.  Our rooms echo that simplicity and calm.  (Okay, okay, "calm" except for maybe the closets on any given day, which *may* or may not be bursting with whatever the teens sons are trying to keep out of your way in their version of "cleaning up"...). Welcome to our home. We trust you will find your room a space of rest and respite during the fullness of your visit in Seattle. We hope you'll find a moment to enjoy the rooftop deck; we've discovered that it is a favorite for gathering to have a late night snack under the stars, or having private cell phone conversations, or just taking in a quiet breath alone before the day begins. During your visit, many of the spaces remain home-like for us. Though we are happyUrban townhome with light-filled floorplan. High ceilings, large windows, and hydronic heat. Fabulous private rooftop deck w/ panoramic views of downtown and Mt Rainier. Great location with 96 walk, 86 bike and 75 transit scores. Guests will have the entire place to themselves!  Your bedroom has a queen bed and a little bit of closet space to hang your clothes. There is a rooftop deck with BBQ and patio furniture as well. You will have access to a gym that is 5 blocks away. It's set up kind of like a mother-in-law unit, except there is technically only one entryway door.  If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask. I am available via phone or email for any questions you may have. Lots of bars and restaurants within a few blocks of the townhouse. Very close to downtown, bus lines, bike rentals, etc.  Easy to get anywhere in the city! There is a queen bed for the first two guests.  3rd and 4th guests could sleep on an air mattress or the couch. The WiFi network is 100 Mbps.Welcome to DAHLIA! Centrally located whole-floor 2 bedroom apartment, full amenities and easy access to all of Seattle's attractions. Designated parking, quiet, beautiful and super comfortable. For our other listing: www.airbnb.com/rooms/(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) We offer two apartments. This listing is for DAHLIA. Check out her sister, AMBER here: www.airbnb.com/rooms/(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)  DAHLIA is located in Seattle's  Central District. It is  outfitted with all the amenities for a perfect stay:  •Great living room with a stereo and a 55' flat-screen TV (with Roku access to our Netflix and Hulu+) •2 private bedrooms with queen size beds in each. •A large, fully equipped kitchen with a dining room table that fits 4-5 people.  •Full bathroom with shower and tub. •Washer & dryer. •Super-fast Wifi. •Tons of free parking right in front! AND: We live right next door, and are available for whatever you need! The Central District is a quiet neighborhood yet surprisingly close to downtown, it'sBeautiful and clean studio apartment walking distance to downtown and all Seattle has to offer! Full/queen bed, hardwood floors, and modern kitchen area. My studio is small (325 sq. ft.) but has plenty of space for two! It is a truly beautiful and well-maintained apartment building that I know you will enjoy! During your stay, you will have access to anything in my studio including closet and drawer space, a full kitchen (including stove, microwave, coffee maker, blender, toaster, refrigerator, and oven), a beautiful tiled bathroom and shower/tub, basic TV channels and DVD/blu-Ray player (and any interesting DVDs I have). There is a washer and dryer downstairs that cost $1 each per cycle, and I will also provide you with quarters and detergent/dryer sheets. I will be out of town during your stay, but will meet you upon arrival! Throughout your stay I will be a quick text or phone call away for any questions you have. I live right on the edge of Capitol Hill and the central district, a NEW - Our clean studio flat is set in a large secluded garden walking distance from Capital Hill's Pike/Pine corridor. This classic Seattle Central District space is very private and surrounded by new and renowned local amenities and attractions. Our 1900 built farm house is located on an oak lined street set on a forested double lot only minuets from Capitol Hill and downtown Seattle. At our corner you'll emerge onto a bustling intersection just coming onto the scene.  The studio flat has its own private entrance and lots of outdoor areas to enjoy. The well lite flat is newly furnished and decorated with you in mind. It is small in area but well portioned and comfortable, providing a tranquil independent and safe experience. There is a full sized and equipped kitchen. A brand new full sized bed. The small bathroom has a shower stall. Modest closet and dresser spaces are provided.  The show case is the wild flower and medicinal herb garden that will delight in every season and is teami"Bed Baked and Beyond: Cherry Hill" is an elegant 1903 Victorian guest-house that features the Sweet Suite: a harem-like suite with an enormous bed, cloaked in reds and golds, with direct TV and a private bathroom. Romantic and whimsical.  A 1903, Victorian home with plenty of modern comforts including Wifi. Our newly remodeled version has three beautiful vintage bathrooms with plenty of hot water--you'll never wait for a warm bath. To see our other beautiful bedrooms, click on our profile picture on the right, then scroll down on the left side :o The feeling of the first-floor harkens to a graceful, bye-gone era of calm retreat to the intoxication of thoughtful conversation with a stranger. Relax in the parlor, or the Lounge-room. Enjoy complimentary food and beverages in the formal dining room. Peruse our vinyl collection--our turntable works really well and KEXP is ready to tune in on the dial. For folks who would rather not negotiate the stairs to the second floor, our Lounge on thCentral Seattle off 4 bus lines. 2 twins. New nergy efficient home (2013) has 3 floors with breezy rooftop patio.  2 guest rooms on the 3rd floor that share a full bath, laundry facilities. This room has 2 twin mattresses, Asian-style (on the floor). Our home is simple and comfortable.  Our rooms echo that simplicity and calm.  (Okay, okay, "calm" except for the closets which, on any given day, *may* or may not be bursting with whatever the teens sons are trying to keep out of your way in their version of "cleaning up"...). Welcome to our home. We trust you will find your room a space of rest and respite during the fullness of your visit in Seattle. We hope you'll find a moment to enjoy the rooftop deck; we've discovered that it is a favorite for gathering to have a late night snack under the stars, or having private cell phone conversations, or just taking in a quiet breath alone before the day begins. During your visit, many of the spaces remain home-like for us. Though we are happy Located near bus lines, blocks from Capitol Hill and in the heart of the Central District.  Our modern influenced apartment is a brand new space for the urban traveler.  There is a clean, shared bathroom and room to stretch.  We do have pets. We have a 980 Sq foot apartment with two bedrooms and one bathroom.  You have access to everything but the master bedroom, even laundry.  We love food, wine and beer and our home is set up to host. You can enjoy the living, dinning, patio and kitchen areas of our home with out hesitation.  We will normally let you know our schedule in the event you'd like to make your own meal at our place. We are around as much or as little as you need, just let us know! Our block is very diverse but we know many of our neighbors.  A lot of new construction is changing our landscape but we love this little part of town and have never had any problems. We are right off two bus routes,  48 and the #3.  Besides those a uber or lyft are the best ways to get around chOur place is a remodeled, fully furnished daylight basement (7-foot ceilings) apartment in my home.  The  bedrooms and kitchen have windows that provide great light. With its own private entrance, this beautiful space is modern and cozy. Our place is a remodeled, fully furnished daylight basement (7-foot ceilings) apartment in my home.  The  bedrooms and kitchen have windows that provide great light. With its own private lower level entrance, this beautiful space is modern cozy and has everything you will need for your stay in Seattle. There is a living room, full kitchen, 2 bedrooms, walk-in closet, full bath, & washer/dryer. Large deck with BBQ and fire pit available for use at the front of the house.  Living room includes queen-sized sofa bed for additional guests.  Located in the Central District, Pikes Place Market and downtown shopping are only a few miles away and easily accessed by Bus Routes 3 and 4 which are practically outside my front door.  Several hospitals are blocks awa2BR and 1BA with full kitchen in the basement (separate entrance & natural light) of beautiful single family home remodeled in 2013 on a great neighborhood street in Capitol Hill. 5-10 min walk to restaurants, bars, public transport. On site parking. Basement in a single family home with two bedrooms, a full bath, full kitchen, and living room. Our family will be present on the main floors during your stay, but you have a separate entrance directly from the driveway and there is no shared space. It was designed as a "mother-in-law" unit. Brand new stove, fridge, bed, sofa and TV. If you need use of a washer and dryer, we can accommodate. We can help with your stay or we can stay completely out of the way, up to you. We will not be home weekday afternoons but will be nights and weekends if you need anything. We're happy to tell you our favorite spots to sightsee, hike, bike, eat and drink. Capitol Hill is the best neighborhood in Seattle. You will be walking distance from several great The best of both worlds; a quiet natural setting in the heart of the city. Take a three block walk to get to the 48, 3 and 84 bus lines, this house has a Walkscore of 87 and a Transit Score of 68. Located two blocks from Swedish Medical Center, this home has a backyard with propane BBQ, fire pit, tables and chairs. Close to everything, this house has it's own driveway parking spot and a large bay window. This house can sleep six adults: Two of the three bedrooms have queen sized beds, the remaining bedroom is set up as an office and has a couch that may be converted into a full sized bed.  The living room has the same type of couch that may be converted to a bed as well.  Bedding is available for both couches and beds. With both a tub and shower in the bathroom, having six adults stay here may result in lines for the bathroom, however; something to keep in mind. On street parking is plentiful, and a driveway parking spot is available to use as well. This listing is for an entire house;Location !   Downtown & Pike Pl Market: 20-30 minute walk;  Capitol Hill & Pike/Pine: 10-15 minutes walk.  Comfortable home on tree lined side street of Pike/Pine.  Multitude of cafes, bars, and the best book store in Seattle. We are in a 'workers' Victorian house built in 1900 located a 20-30 minute walk directly east of Downtown on a tree-lined residential street.   This private bedroom has a double bed.  The bath is adjacent and is shared if the other room is occupied. The guest bedrooms and bath are on the main floor, and entry is through the front door.  We look forward to sharing the adjacent Living and Dining rooms with visitors. There is a Keurig coffee maker in the Dining room that is available for guest use.  We live primarily upstairs and in a rear kitchen, though on winter evenings Louis tends to be sitting by a fire in the Living room. We look forward to welcoming you into our home.  We enjoy meeting new people and spending time with them.  If we are home, we are happy to Great location, nice home and lovely bedroom for you to stay in. The setting is close to Capitol Hill and Downtown. Room with bath, single bed for one and air queen can used if there are two people. Use of the kitchen if you would like. Nice guest room in a quiet yet close in city neighborhood- Madison Valley.  Arboretum, Madison Park and Lake Washington close by. Good restaurants too! And easy access to downtown, Capitol Hill and the University District. Street parking readily available. Guests will have access to their room and use of the kitchen. Private full bath is available next to bedroom Guests will be sharing the house with the owner. A friendly little dog in residence as well. (terrier, so low allergy dog for some) Socialize, or not, with your host- this can be up to you. Madison Valley neighborhood- a diverse area with nice shops, old bungalows, new town homes and much more. Close to Capitol Hill, U District, Lake Washington and the Arboretum.  Three different bus routes verLocated in south Capitol Hill, this is the perfect launching point for any Seattle adventure. 10 min walk to Pike/Pine Capitol Hill.  10 minute walk to Ike's Pot Shop 10 minute walk to First Hill 5 min walk to Trader Joe's, 15 min to Safeway Bedroom has a couch, dresser, closet, reading lights (2X), and bookshelf with some great books of mine. Whole apartment except the other bedroom (mine). TV and couch in the living room area. TV has Netflix. There's also a blu-ray player. There is a coffee maker with whole coffee beans provided, you are free to grind and brew. I have a few snack selections you are welcome to, namely fresh fruit. I might be out and about for work or a gig. If I'm not, I will be staying in my room. Centrally located for any Seattle adventure - Central District to the South, heart of Capitol Hill to the North, Downtown to the West, Madrona to the East. Right off the No. 2 bus, which goes from Madrona to Queen Anne through Downtown.  Much of the parking in the surroundiBrand new modern townhome with easy walking and bus access to great restaurants and entertainment of Capitol Hill, downtown, and more. You will have your own entrance, private bedroom/bathroom, and patio area. The guest bedroom and bathroom is on the lowest level of the townhouse and is accessible directly through a separate entrance (the downhill entrance). We are available but stay out of your way, which adds to privacy. If you want, we can answer questions and tell you about Seattle and especially our neighborhood - we moved here 6 years ago ourselves and have done almost every visitor experience, plus love to eat and drink in the neighborhood. Capitol Hill is a vibrant neighborhood with tons of amazing restaurants and bars and very busy nightlife. Our home has a number of amazing restaurants within a few blocks' walk. We are within 2 blocks of 4 bus routes and there is on-street parking. One of us is working from home so our ideal guest is someone who is quiet and/or is looking to Our guest studio is located on the ground floor of our town home. It is also a commercial photography studio. (You will get street noise) & shower is located upstairs in a shared space.   We are bout a mile from downtown Seattle city center. Cement Floors, Industrial feel with tons of room. Studio is accessed through front door through a courtyard. We live & work in the building so I imagine we will run into each other :) Just outside the city without the traffic! The space is pretty awesome also. Plenty of food, coffee and a brewery within easy walking distance. Great place for all and particularly neat for someone in town in business. Bus stop on the same block and close to downtown. Easy access for Lyft and Uber. Totally walkable to all areas of the city. Space is on the street level so your gonna hear the bustle of the area & shower is on the 3rd floor. If that is cool with you you will like the studio!Our recently remodeled 2 bedroom / 2 bathrooms townhome is located on a quiet residential street in the Central District within minutes of Seattle University, Capitol Hill, Downtown, International District, Safeco field, and other attractions in Seattle. Public transportation can be accessed easily within a few blocks. Walkscore of 85% The 1000 square feet unit has modern and stylish furniture that will make you feel at home. A quiet and private unit that only shares one small wall with the next door unit, giving you the privacy that you deserve for during your stay. The amenities include: * Town-house style unit, ideal for families or couples traveling together. Sleeps up 6 guests (4 in bedrooms and 2 on queen sized sofa bed) * 2 bedrooms and 2 full baths in the upper level. The master bedroom has a king size bed while the second bedroom has a queen bed. * fully equipped kitchen with stainless-steel appliances that accommodates 6 guests. * private garden (sole use) * private washer/drSeattle Turret House (Apt 5).  Very stylish and unique penthouse apartment with private deck and city views Penthouse apartment with cathedral ceilings, skylights, private deck, city views. Entire apartment, private entry and door codes Charming and quiet yet close to great shops, restaurants and cafes.  Easy access to public transportation. One block from city bus stop, easy access to downtown and major tourist attractionsPrivate room in attic apartment with northern exposure. Pictures of the bedroom is the one you will be in for the duration of your stay. The apartment is a shared space with a woman (occupying the 2nd bedroom) + cats. Attic apartment with sloped ceilings and giant backyard. Pets with shots can come too!  Hardwood floors throughout except in kitchen and bathroom.  This is a home - lived in, but comfortable and in a great location! You will be in the 2nd private bedroom in the apartment. The other bedroom across the hall is occupied by the host.    Since it is an attic apartment it can be hot in the summer and chilly in the winter.  I do provide plenty of blankets for the bed and the room is warmed pretty quickly from the vent in the wall.  I have the same heater in my room and it only takes 15 minutes or so before it is warmed up.  When I say lived in - my cats are around the house as well as myself.  I keep things as tidy as I can while also being in classes + studying.  I vacuum and sHip, modern, bright and comfortable 4th floor apartment in the Capitol Hill district. My favorite restaurant is steps from the front door as are coffee shops, bars, cafes, grocery stores, and some of the most interesting people in town.  The apartment is a two bedroom, two bathroom modern, well built home. There are floor to ceiling windows in the main living/dining and kitchen room. Think treehouse on one side and on the other, think urban rooftop views. Cool if you ask me.  The master bedroom has a queen sized (latex mattress) and an en suite bathroom. The second bedroom is a kid's room (for kids of all ages) with one twin bed and a bathroom adjacent to it.  This comfortable and clean home is a fantastic gateway to a very urban experience outside the front doors.  On a serious note, in the Summer the neighborhood is noisy with urban life all around. There are restaurants in the courtyard, sirens, and street noise. If you want a quiet, out of the way experience, this is probably not tSpacious renovated 2BR victorian with hardwood floors, fully equipped kitchen, washer/dryer in unit.  Quiet residential neighborhood yet just a short walk to a great variety of shops, restaurants and cafes.   Spacious renovated 2BR victorian with hardwood floors, fully equipped kitchen, washer/dryer in unit.  Entire Apartment, private entry and door code Guest access apartment using an assigned keyless entry code.  I live nearby and am reachable by phone or email One block from bus stop, easy to walk, cab or use a ride sharing service.    Historic victorian house built in 1904.  with Downtown and territorial views huge garden. Upper level unit with 3 bedrooms    Victorian  House Upper level unit with 3 bedrooms  ( three Queen size beds), one bath, kitchen ,two outside decks.Large living room with a queen size sofa sleeper,and dining area.Outside deck off of kitchen. Microwave, Range/Oven, Refrigerator ,and 2 separate outside upstairs entrance,and so much more....  Good for 8people ,luxurious,clean and conveniently located one half block from Swedish Research Hospital, Swedish  Medical Center, Swedish  Cherry Hill Campus , Seattle University,and several maior bus  lines to  downtown, Space Needle,Pike place market,Seattle center, Ride the Ducks,EMP Museum,Key Arena, Seattle Pacific University,Seattle Art museum,etc. walking distance to shops ,restaurants,Downtown,,Safeco Field ,Chinatown and  grocery store  It's very convenient for visit, busness or pleasure .The house is walking distance  to downtown,one half block Remodeled one bedroom flat in the heart of Capitol Hill with a private garden and two decks. Can accommodate up to 4 people. Walk everywhere - great restaurants, cafes, shops, groceries, yoga, and anything else you could need. My name is Jessica. Seattle is my hometown, but I live in Rome, Italy (some of the time). My partner, Phil, and I travel a lot for work but are excited to have a home base in Seattle. This is my home when I am in Seattle and a rental when I am out of town. I grew up in Capital Hill and love the neighborhood, particularly the good coffee which is essential after growing up in Seattle and living in Rome! Remodeled one bedroom flat in the heart of Capitol Hill (Pike/Pine corridor) with a private garden and two decks. Can accommodate up to 4 people. Walk everywhere - great restaurants, cafes, shops, groceries, yoga, and anything else you could need.  The downstairs includes a kitchen, dining room table and living room and a cozy bedroom (king bed) and bathroom (with Cool spacious 2bd home. Walking distance from downtown and Lake Washington. A short walk from the vibrant Capitol Hill community. The home comes with the coolest cat on the planet. Incredible natural light with every comfort. A large record collection and outdoor dining with a grill. Quiet beautiful street. Large open space. Large kitchen and bedrooms. Great Natural Light. Washer and Dryer. Large Outdoor space with BBQ. No internet or TV. The space is for interacting. Front and back Door entry with Off street Parking. Contact Via Email (email hidden) There is a wonderful older feline named Dracula who lives at 717.Clean apartment in Capitol Hill, close to downtown, close to Lake Washington, rooftop access down the hall, stunning views, washer&dryer in unit, gym, full kitchen, 2 bathrooms, sectional couches, key access, 2 blocks from Trader Joe's, on bus line. Open kitchen (with dishwasher) facing large living space, amazing views from giant windows, rooftop access down the hall. Two bedrooms, each with a queen bed, one with an attached bathroom.  There is a second bathroom in the main area of the apartment, which includes a washer&dryer.  Large sectional in the living room can potentially sleep 2 (we have extra bedding).  Views from all rooms of the apt.  Our set of spare keys will get you into the building and apartment with ease whenever you wish. Full kitchen use (with dishwasher), washer/dryer, gym, rooftop down the hall, internet, smart television with bluray, membership to netflix and hulu+ Either my roommate or I will be there, friendly and happy to provide suggestions on what to do arounA Beautiful newly remodeled 2 bedroom a couple of blocks from Seattle University and less than 2 miles from the pike/pine corridor. Designed with a  playful use of color.  Mod vintage. All new appliances. Plum tree, blackerry bushes and grape vines.  Private yard with beautiful accomadations.  More pics soon!Seattle Turret House (Apt 4) Apartment 4 occupies the second floor and features hardwood floors, private balcony, two spacious bedrooms with queen size beds, down comforters and quality linens.  Remodeled bathroom with clawfoot tub & shower.  Washer/dryer in unit.  Spacious, modern and stylish, all comfortably furnished with everything you'll need to enjoy your Seattle visit!    Ideal location in a quiet yet convenient neighborhood, easy access to Downtown Seattle, Pike Place Market, First Hill Hospitals, Seattle U, Pike/Pine Corridor, Volunteer Park, University of Washington, Seattle Center, and much more! Capitol Hill is one of Seattle's most beloved, colorful and walkable neighborhoods, with lovely turn of the century architecture, original mansions, grand city parks and mature gardens, as well as fantastic views in every direction! Guest has private access to the entire apartment as described, fully furnished with quality linens, towels, kitchen supplies, etc. Apartment access via I love my little cottage! Clean, original 1920s space. Can walk everywhere! Easily sleeps 3 -- Queen bed and a single pull out couch. Great kitchen, gas stove, huge dining room table. Own front door. Quiet but close to the bustle. Front door access, keys will be provided. Via text message, mostly. Close to coffee, bars, capitol hill!My 1BD apt is a 10 minute walk from the heart of Capitol Hill nightlife and 1/2 hr walk to downtown. It's in a quiet building on a lovely street. It has a fully stocked kitchen, and lots of natural light. Washer and dryer in building. I live there full time so it has everything you would need to make you feel at home. When I rent it out, I'm either traveling or staying with friends in town, so you'll have it to yourself. I have an adorable cat who lives with me, but will not be staying there while you are there. I clean as best I can before you arrive, but if you have severe allergies, please take this into consideration. Key to the front door of the building and key to my unit. Coin operated laundry in the basement. I'll check you in and out, or make arrangements with the neighbor. If I'm in town, I may stop by to get some things, but I'll always give you 24 hour notice. If you want, I'd be happy to show you around Capitol Hill! Capitol Hill is the heart of Seattle. Great nightlife, rHistoric 1904 victorian home features granite and SS Decor range.  This classic Victorian has been updated with the finest finishes  while keeping the original Charm Beautiful hardwoods with mahogany inlays crown molding, F P. Vintage art deco fixtures, 1 deck with city and territorial views,huge garden with fruit trees,  flowers, ,French Doors,Vaulted Ceilings, Walk-in Dishwasher, ,Garbage Disposal,, Microwave,  Range/Oven, Refrigerator ,and  so much more ...... Perfect for 2people 1bedroom with a queen size bed , it has a private  Jetted bath, Washer/Dryer and separate outdoor entrance and deck BBQ just shared a big kitchen and dinning room with other renters and luxurious, clean conveniently (website hidden)'s very convenient for dining and shopping whether you're in town for visit, business, or pleasure. The house is walking distance to downtown,one half block from Swedish  Hospital,Seattle University and several major bus lines to downtown, etc, If you are looking someplace to staBrand new, modern, clean town house, blocks from the center of Capitol Hill. The room has a private bathroom. Also includes private roof deck and shared kitchen/living area with a modern fireplace and a stunning view of downtown Seattle.    Regardless of what's the purpose of your visit, look no further. This place is the one for you.  Brand new construction, even though you are only renting a room that has a memory foam mattress, you will have full access to everything, be it the rooftop deck with an amazing view, the fully equipped kitchen, living room or the washing machine. If you're going to work downtown, it'll take you about 15-20 mins to get there. If you are here to refill the batteries, you will get around super easy and there are many parks nearby, plus there's a bus stop just around the corner. Feel free to use the wireless sound system. I am happy to answer any of your questions or send you more pictures of the place. Guests have full access to the house, garage, deck and Large attic space in central capital hill neighborhood.  Sleeps 3. Mini fridge snd coffee makerThis room is on the bottom floor and has its own private entrance through the gated front yard. Also has a lovely full bathroom, including bathtub. The location is fantastic right in the heart of capitol hill with dozens of bus lines within one block Hello and nice to meet you! Peter (that's me) and Tricia would love to have you stay in our fabulous town home centrally located on Capitol Hill. I'm a software developer and Tricia is a interior designer. She's very talented and you'll see why! Priced as a private room, but with it's own entrance and front yard, we're offering a great place to stay with the qualities of a full apartment but some of the benefits of a dedicated townhouse. Our townhouse was recently built, beautifully furnished and centrally located in an ideal Capitol Hill Seattle location. With a walkscore of 94 the most hip part of capitol hill is a 5 minute walk down the street. There's 19 bus routes accessible within a quarter of a mile including several express routes Private bedroom in our home -Full-sized bed   -Ensuite bathroom -Keyless entry house -Centrally located  -Short walk to many great restaurants/clubs -Rooftop deck with views of Mount Rainier  We have 2 rooms available in our home for rent.  The room is garden facing making it very quiet at night. It is located at ground level as you enter the house. The room has a full-sized bed, a closet, its own attached 3/4 bathroom, a reading chair and free wi-fi. We use a keyless entry system so you don't ever have to worry about losing the key! As a guest you will have access to the common areas which include the kitchen/dining room, living room and private rooftop deck. Our interaction with guests varies with day of the week and time of year, however we are usually available by phone or e-mail even when we are not at home. We are frequently gone on weekends. If you would be interested in feeding the cats if we are away please let me know at the time of the booking. The house is situated within wWelcome! Tranquil 2BR/1BA basement apartment, steps to Swedish Cherry Hill and easy access to First Hill hospitals, Seattle U, public transit, downtown, Convention Center, and UW. Please let me know what I can do to make your stay a great one! The apartment is a freshly painted and newly carpeted 2BR basement apartment. It is fresh, clean, and quiet, and has its own private entrance separate from the main part of the house where your host lives. There is a fully appointed kitchen, queen bed, full bed, bathroom with shower, and the sofa converts to a queen-size bed. You have the apartment to yourself, as well as shared access to the deck and backyard. I live upstairs and will be available to help you with anything that comes up during your stay, but I'll give you your privacy if you would prefer not to interact. If you would like to be more social, I'm happy to tell you more about Seattle or share a drink on the deck. We are in the heart of Minor, with Swedish Cherry Hill and Seattle U Our beautiful modern home is centrally located in colorful Capitol Hill. Walk to restaurants, bars, shopping, theatre, parks, 3 groceries, 2 farmers markets. Family and kid friendly. Walk/bus/10 min Lyft/Uber to Downtown, Pike Place, museums & more. Our beautiful, spacious modern home is fully furnished, extremely comfortable and close to everything. Whether you prefer getting around on foot or via Uber/Lyft, bus or car, the central location can't be beat.  The perfect vacation home for families or couples who want to explore the city, spend time together and recharge in comfort between excursions.  Our large home spans three above-ground floors, with three bedrooms, two full bathrooms and a laundry room upstairs; living room, dining room, kitchen, family room with small TV, two gas fireplaces, and a half bath on the main floor; a fourth bedroom with queen bed, a full bathroom, and entertainment room with large screen TV, foosball table and lots of games on the lower level. Covered bacJust south of Capitol Hill, Seattle's densest neighborhood, my house is on mile from downtown in a pretty quiet neighborhood primarily populated by single-family households, blocks away from multiple bus lines, and dozens of restaurants and shops. I am very fortunate to have lived for more than 20 years in a beautiful, sunny house, built in 1901 in a style the locals call, "Seattle four-square." The house has wood floors, tall ceilings, and is located one mile from downtown, just blocks from Capitol Hill and Seattle University. There are multiple bus lines within four blocks (in two directions) and dozens of restaurants, bars and shops are a ten-minute walk away. Two hospitals, Swedish and Providence Cherry Hill, are also within a ten-minute walk. The house is fully furnished, including my two cats, Lula and Ali, who are used to guests. Even when I am gone, the cats are fed and cared for, so that won't be a chore for guests. There is kitchen shelf and refrigerator space for airbnb guesGreat location in Capital Hill, Seattle's hippest and most vibrant neighborhood.  Three-story house, featuring 4 Bedrooms, 3 baths, large living area with a perfect layout for cooking, relaxing in the kitchen bar, living room, or nice outdoor space. This is a very clean place, in an excellent location and great amenities.  There are 4 bedrooms, and sleeps up to 10 people comfortably.  Great living space and great outdoor space (fence in yard with outdoor eating area). On the top floor there is one master with it's own bath, a second bath and second bedroom. Excellent living space on second floor with a spacious kitchen with great bar are for hanging out.  The living room is very cozy if you just want to lounge and watch a movie (or the game).   First floor is two bedrooms and one bath.  Each bedroom includes a bunkbed (Full bed on bottom and single bed on top (twin).   This is a three story home with the living space on the second floor.  All amenities including washer/dryer, dishwasheTwo bed 1.5 bath townhouse in a truly central location with great access to downtown, walk to Centurylink, Pioneer Sq., ID, Capitol Hill, hospitals on First hill too. Hop on I5, I90 freeways in less than 5 min. Trees give privacy, as well as visits by humming birds and squirrels Our townhome is located in the Central District right in the heart of Seattle. It's a short drive to most sights and attractions in the city - the waterfront, restaurants and bars, the stadiums, you name it. The area is also well connected by bus and near enough to walk many places as well including a local coffee shop and park. The home itself is set back off the main road in a quiet cluster of townhouses, so an oasis of private and calm near the bustle of the city. There are two bedrooms upstairs both with comfy queen beds and an ensuite bathroom with a deep soaker tub and multi-mode shower head. Additionally there is a clothes washer/dryer on the second floor.  Downstairs there is a full chef kitchen with evThis 1903 Victorian on Cherry Hill has a super comfortable welcoming vibe. Our "Cedar Tree" room is decorated with vibrant color and silky soft wall to wall carpet. The queen-sized bed is plush and layered with cozy linens for sweet dreams. A 1903, Victorian home with four unique bedrooms to rent!  Click on our profile picture on the right, then scroll down on the left side to see our other beautiful bedrooms :o The feeling of the first-floor harkens to a graceful, bye-gone era of calm retreat to the intoxication of thoughtful conversation with a stranger. Relax in the parlor, or the lounge-room. Enjoy meals in the formal dining room. Check your email everywhere--we have wifi. Guests have keyed-access to their own rooms, their private, or shared baths, all first-floor rooms, including two social rooms, a formal-dining area, and the kitchen, which includes access to a refrigerator. Guests may cook, with permission. We have a washer & dryer which can be used at certain times for a small 3 bedroom light-filled house in central Seattle with easy parking, gorgeous views of downtown and a kid-friendly back yard. Just steps from bustling Capitol Hill. We will be on vacation and are offering this great city getaway while we're gone. Light and art-filled house can easily accommodate a family of 6. This listing is only available July 20 - 27, 2015 with a 5 night minimum. The main floor bedroom has a bunkbed and a crib. One upstairs bedroom has a twin trundle (slide-out) bed. The other bedroom has a queen bed. The basement has a rec room with TV, video games, and an art studio / workshop.  We will have someone feeding our chickens while we are gone; you are welcome to gather their eggs. We also have a large vegetable garden and you are welcome to anything that is in season; likely raspberries, blueberries, strawberries, herbs, greens, and maybe carrots, beets and other veggies. You are welcome to use our home and most of the things in it, including food in the pantry (replace Located in the residential outskirts of Capitol Hill, our spacious home provides a quiet, sun-filled getaway within walking distance of one of Seattle's most hip, iconic neighborhoods. Highlights include wrap-around yard, large windows & a comfy bed. Quiet, relaxed neighborhood within walking distance of Capitol Hill and just four blocks from Seattle University. Easy access to downtown via nearby bus stops and bike share stations. Excellent sunlight in every room. The house has a "city lumberjack" feel with decorative firewood, funky antiques, and an earthy charm. - Record player & extensive record collection - Television (local channels only) - High-speed wireless internet - Wrap-around yard - Washer/Dryer - Full kitchen & cookware/utensils We value your privacy and will not be on the premises at any time during your stay, but we will always be available via phone, text, and email. Our home is split into a duplex with neighbors occupying the unit next door but interaction will be miniIf you want to be in the heart of the city, between Capitol Hill, First Hill, and Cherry Hill, this is the place.  Just a couple blocks away from a wide variety of of upscale bars and restaurants on Pike st.  Easy walk to Downtown and convention cent Separate downstairs room that opens to the shady patio.   15 min walk to downtown or the Convention center.  It's in an established residential area. Bedroom, upstairs bathroom, kitchen, living room, patio. I'm out in the morning but back around in the afternoon and weekends.  Roommate is typically home more during the day.  If I'm around I'm happy to give hints on where to eat and probably go with. Capitol Hill is a real eclectic mix of newer condos, university students, artsy folks, music venues, and cool restaurants and coffee shops.  Anything you want it's here.  Also tons of public transit. I recommend Uber from the airport, should take about 20 min.  But if you take the train, its much cheaper  ($3) but much slower (45 min).  If you Note: This listing is only available for bookings valued at $3000 or higher.  For less expensive stays, please see our portfolio of neighboring properties. Read on for a description of this modern home with 3 beds, 3.5 baths and central location. This townhouse has it all: fantastic location (quiet, but central to everything!), modern kitchen, 3 full bathrooms (plus a powder room), queen sleeper sofa, washer/dryer, garage parking, and open concept living area.  Guests even enjoy a view of Mt. Rainier! Entering through the front door brings you to the main floor-through living area.  This open concept space has a chef's kitchen with granite countertops and stainless steel appliances.  This flows directly to the dining area with seating for 6, plus 2 stools at the breakfast counter.  The adjacent living area is furnished with a sleeper sofa, DVD, and cable TV.  Enjoy a book or a game in front of the gas fireplace.  This floor also features a powder room. Two of your bedrooms are located We have an upstairs Marion Flat in our house close to Swedish Cherry Hill.   We are 10 minutes to downtown on the bus lines - 2 blocks from a super-market, and close to Seattle University. The Marion Flat (with a limited view of Mount Rainier on sunny days).  is the upper floor of our house located in the Central District by Cherry Hill.  We are 10 minutes to downtown on the 3 or 4 lines -2 blocks from shops and markets, and close to Swedish Hospital Cherry Hill Campus and Seattle University. The apartment is well furnished, has a full kitchen and a private deck, a large bedroom (one queen bed) and bathroom. It sleeps 2 though there is an air mattress available if needed for more.   The house has fiber optic installed and WiFi is provided at 40 mbps (100 mbps if you want access via LAN cable).  There is ample on-street parking right in front. I have lived in the building for 2 years, and I would be happy to give you a local perspective on sightseeing or dining in the neighborhood durin5-level, bright & modern loft with 20' ceilings, views, award-winning green design. All amenities. Room to stretch. Stocked kitchen & pantry. New 50" TV. Luxury master suite. Poker table. Parking. Cable. Great for quiet groups, business, families. Welcome to my 5-story loft located about a little over 1 mile from downtown with easy access to the sights and businesses of Seattle. You have access to all 5 levels making it a great space for co-workers, quiet groups and friends or families traveling together.  I'm sorry but I do not permit parties at the loft. This is a quiet, residential community and if you book the property then you will be held responsible for all actions in your group including noise violations and unauthorized parties. When you stay as a guest at my loft please remember that you are representing me in this community. This loft is 5 stories tall. Not only do the different levels give guests room to have some space of their own for sleeping, the large & open living areYou will be comfortable in this modern style apartment off the main home. Private entry, Heated concrete floors, High end appliances. large granite shower. Very close to many college campuses as well as hospitals if you have a sick loved one. The space is located on Seattle's First Hill, Capitol Hill about 12 blocks from downtown Seattle. There are many college campuses within 4 miles. Also some of the top medical facilities in the country. Bilingual speaking household; Chinese, Spanish, English and some French. There is ample parking, private gated entrance to property, private entry to space with outdoor space. If you need recommendations or help around the city we would be happy to assist. There are many ways to get around the city. The space is just off bus route within 75 yards either way to bus stops.  Possible transportation help if needed as extra services. Space will be cleaned if needed each day or as you wish.Steps away from the Pike/Pine corridor and Seattle University, our townhome is conveniently located. With a walk score of 96, a car is not necessary to get around to some of the best food, bars and shops Seattle has to offer. 2 outdoor spaces, a 1 car garage, plenty of light and proximity to all the hip and happening spots in Seattle are what makes this home a real gem in the Emerald City. We recently bought this house so it is furnished with all brand new furniture. There are 3 bedrooms, 2 with Queen size beds and the 3rd room with a full size daybed. The couch in the living room is a queen size pull out sleeper. The modern kitchen is outfitted with a large fridge, gas stove and dishwasher.  In the cupboards you will find everything you need to cook from pots and pans to seasonings. A washer and dryer are also available for use. If you are coming with small children, please let me know. I can provide some children's toys, a bassinet and a pack and play. Entire home We do not live on tYou are steps away from enjoying the convenience of a private bedroom/ bathroom in a modern townhome.  Reserving the first floor of this brand new townhome puts you within walking distance of Downtown, the International District, and Capitol Hill. The downstairs bedroom and bathroom are all yours!  A sizeable room with big windows and finished concrete floors give the space a cool and modern feel. The bathroom includes both a shower and a large bathtub, and can be accessed directly from the bedroom. You will even get a private entrance! The room has a comfy queen bed, a seating area with plenty of natural light, and a large closet for your accommodation.  An air mattress is also available for you to use. You'll also have access to the second floor (which is a kitchen/ living room area) and a rooftop deck.  The rooftop has an amazing view of the city skyline and is a great place to unwind. I'm happy to recommend places to visit in Seattle. It's a unique, eclectic city that has a lot to Stay here, and be close to it all: shopping, restaurants, entertainment, and more! Location Conveniently located just blocks from Capital Hill, Downtown, Seattle University, Harborview & Swedish Hospitals.  Walk to Stadiums, Pioneer Square, new First Hill Streetcar, Light-Rail, Chinatown, & much more!  Close to several bus lines for easy access anywhere in the city.   Walk Score: 89, Transit Score: 81, Bike Score: 79 The Space This is a two bedroom, one bathroom lower level of a house in Seattle. The space is small and cozy, at 820 square feet. There is one queen bed and one full bed available for your use.  There is a full refrigerator along with a microwave, toaster oven and Keurig coffee maker.  Plenty of counter space and fully stocked kitchen with plates, silverware and utensils to make food at home, if you'd like. Be sure to venture out and sample some awesome Seattle restaurants during your stay here! Start the morning off right with some coffee at Stumptown Coffee Roasters, EasCottage comes furnished ! Special financing ! It's very beautiful, very spacious and clean ,comfortable. one bedroom,include top quality lines on queen size bed mattress with a very -comfortable folding bed ,Jetted bath,kitchen  patio/deck, Washer/Dryer,Dishwadher,Refrigerator, Microwave, Range/(URL HIDDEN) half block from Swedish Research Hospital, Swedish Medical Center, Swedish Cherry Hill Campus and Seattle University., conveniently located  several maior bus  lines to  downtown, Space Needle,Pike place market,Seattle center, Ride the Ducks,EMP Museum,Key Arena, Seattle Pacific University,Seattle Art museum,etc. walking distance to shops ,restaurants,Downtown,,Safeco Field ,Chinatown and  grocery store   If you are looking someplace to stay where you can be close to  everything you want to see & welcome this is it great location !  in the city in walking distance to shops ,restaurants,Downtown,,,Chinatown and  grocery store Walk Score of 95  Transit Score of 100 It is simple to takWelcome! This is a 3-story modern townhome located in South Capitol Hill in walking distance of several delicious restaurants and fun bars. The house is filled with sunlight! You would have the second floor to yourself with your own bathroom. The second floor has 2 rooms, both available for your use. One is furnished with a queen size bed and memory foam mattress. The other room is not furnished but I have an air mattress should your party be larger than can be accomodated by a queen bed. (Please note there will be an extra charge if you will be occupying more than one room). You'll have a private bathroom on the 2nd floor as well. My room is on the 3rd floor so you won't notice much of me and the house will seem like your own. You are free to enjoy use of the kitchen, living room, office, and the best part- my rooftop! The roof offers views of the glorious Cascade mountains to the East and the Space needle to the West. The rooftop is equipped with a hammock and picnic table perfect foMy art-filled garden studio opens up into an expansive backyard featuring patio seating, picnic table, and fire pit. Full bathroom, kitchen, elevated sleeping area and living room. Just a 5 minute walk to excellent coffee, dining, bars & galleries. I'm an avid art collector and most of my friends are the movers-and-shakers in the Seattle art scene. I've got a lot of their work on my walls. What I love most about my place is its connection to the natural world outside. I eat most of my meals on the patio or picnic table, and have fires at night overlooking my garden and the Seattle skyline. You'll have access to my studio space and the backyard area. I won't be physically around my home during your stay, but am always a phone call or text away. I have a list of how things work in my apartment, and also all of my favorite activities and experiences around the city. My neighborhood is very diverse and friendly. I know all my neighbors and we all respect each other's space and way of life.Bright and happy private bedroom in an apartment with two young professionals. Great location to serve as your base- a quick walk to Capitol Hill and Central neighborhoods and only 1-2 miles to downtown, Belltown, Pike's Place, and Pioneer Square.  Great space for a single traveler, a couple, or friends that don't mind sharing a bed. It's a small and quirky apartment in a building built in the early 1920s. It's third floor with no elevator. There's a living area, a kitchen with gas stove and a bathroom with shower/ tub. The two bedrooms are right next to each other and joined by French doors which we keep closed and covered with curtains- but beware that this is a space where sound travels. Kitchen (and all supplies for cooking/ serving), coin laundry, street parking.  We are a young professional couple that often work a lot- but when we are free we love exploring this awesome area! We would be happy to interact as much or as little as you like and have many recommendations for attractOn the border of Capitol Hill and the Central District just a few blocks from everything, yet quiet enough to sleep with plenty of street parking. Overall square footage makes it comfortable for the two of us, our two dogs and our guests. The house is bright and only 3 years old. The furnishings were selected to be comfortable, modern and lounge-like. So there's a big sectional couch and a 60" smart TV equipped with AppleTV and accounts with Hulu, Netflix, Amazon Prime, HBO and more. The kitchen has a gas range and is fully equipped, should you choose to eat in. You'll have access to all rooms in the house with the exception of the master bed/bath. We are both available to help you with your stay, planning activities and getting around. We're well-versed on Seattle's public transit and are happy to help you make the most of your stay in the Emerald City. Tim is a Chicago transplant and Ryan is native to Seattle, so you get a combination of locality and midwest charm. With a WalkScore oLocated on a tree lined street in one of Seattle's most colorful and vibrant neighborhoods, your spacious suite at Maruca House has a wonderfully secluded feel.  Yet it's just minutes away, by foot, bus or car, from all the best of Seattle. My home is located between Seattle's Central District and Capital Hill.  We are in close proximity to everything you might need in a quiet and peaceful neighborhood. It is a perfect spot for a traveler in town for business or for pleasure. The suite has its own entrance through two french doors from your private  patio.  The patio has a table and chairs for enjoying the garden and western sunset.  The living room / kitchen are furnished with a couch, coffee table, also a large work table, a dining room table for enjoying a meal,  and a library of art, literature and poetry books that will muse your mind … or you can choose to watch Netflix. You have a full kitchen with a gas stove, oven, microwave, fridge, and coffee maker.  A selection of teas and Stay in a modern townhome that won the American Institute of Architects Future Shack competition! My home is centrally located within walking distance to downtown and great ethnic food. The guest room features a queen bed and adjacent bath. My friends say this is the most unique townhome they've ever been in. Personally, I really appreciate the architectual touches such as the solar radiant heated floors, the colorful, light-filled kitchen, and the funky built-in shelving. My photo gallery downstairs currently features photos from my travels in India, Puerto Rico, Tibet, and the Washington Coast. There's also a couch in the living room if you want to squeeze one more person in. The entire townhouse is available select weekends when I'm out of town, and also Thanksgiving, Christmas, and in mid-April. https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1499596 Kitchen, media room (with Netflix), washer and dryer are available for your use. Help yourself to coffee and bread/butter/jam in the morning. I'd be hapModern condo in the heart of Capitol Hill. Walk score of 100.  Easy access to the restaurants and nightlife of Cap Hill, downtown attractions, Pikes Place Market and U of W.  1 parking space available if needed.   Bright open, modern space with high ceilings and lots of light.  Large outdoor deck with grill.  2 full baths.     Capitol Hill is the prime spot in Seattle for restaurants, bars, shopping, and parks.  Center for artists, musicians and the GLBT community.   Easy walk to multiple restaurants, supermarkets,  shopping, movie theaters etc.  Within a block of several bus lines.  About 1 mile from Pikes Place Market and downtown Seattle. Our modern urban townhome rests in the Capitol Hill / First Hill neighborhood, where you can walk to some of the best spots in our city or enjoy one of the many fine restaurants and shopping just blocks away, or stay in and cook in our modern kitchen Our home is a modern retreat that sleeps up to 4 comfortably - with a private bedroom upstairs with full bath, and a luxurious loft style living room and Bed with a wall mounted flat screen TV for streaming movies.   Enjoy all of the comforts of home with our fully furnished city escape.  Bamboo floors, simple modern furnishings, gas stove, and garden patio for barbequing.  We provide everything you need for staying in or going out on the town!  For those that love cooking, we have fresh herbs growing in the garden.  For those who don't like cooking, we can point you to the best restaurants in the area!   We are blocks away from the Pike / Pine Corridor with some of the best coffee, dining, and shopping in the city and less than 2 miles frWelcome! Lovely home in Central Seattle on Cherry Hill walking distance to great coffee shops and restaurants.  Relax in this 2600sf three levels home, 4 bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms.  A large and welcoming kitchen, open main floor layout and more. Perfect home away from home to celebrate Thanksgiving!  The home is warm and comfortable, with ample space to gather around or simply relax.  The kitchen is well equipped and ready for you to cook a feast!   Less than 10 years old, it's a classic Seattle home but offers a modern, open interior and a gas fire place.  The spacious backyard includes a play set for kids or kids at heart.  The patio comes with a fire pit and super comfortable chairs.  Great place to sip an evening cocktail. Well located, you can walk to a variety of great coffee shops and restaurants.  Some of our favorites include Marjorie and Skillet (a must try!).   Eight short blocks away from Seattle University.  You are only 1 mile from Downtown.  Great neighborhood.   Upper Based at the award winning Barclay Court house (2003 AIA home of the year) it features high quality touches throughout, custom furniture and cabinetry, in-slab radiant heating and AC, private sunken garden patio, high-speed internet and streaming TV. This award winning contemporary house was designed by the architectural firm of Adams, Mohler, & Ghillino together with glass artist James Nowak; it consists of two ground floor studio apartments with a spectacular, three-level, loft home above. Entering the studio apartment is easy. Upon arrival walk halfway down the sidewalk of the house to find the 3 doors of each unit. Yours is Apt B. Enter the PIN code every time you want to unlock the door; when you leave just close the door (it will always lock from the outside). You also have access to your own private garden patio. Please remember to lock the patio door when you leave. The apartments have independent access with a PIN code, allowing self-service check in and out. However I'm alwayHeart of Central District, major growth here!  Private full 1 bedroom  separate apartment, room for 5,  private entrance, back yard/garden area.  Short walk to Capitol Hill. Pike Place Market 19 blocks.  Bus/beer steps away. Negotiate winter rates. You will love this super cozy fully private and separate  apartment in  private updated 1904 home with your first breakfast on me! A $10 value.  I am in an inner city diverse residential neighborhood, 19 blocks from Puget Sound and Pike Place Market to the west and about 1.5 miles from Lake Washington to the east, bringing you closer to the center of everything. The Central District and Capitol Hill areas are a few of the original neighborhoods within walking distance to the downtown area.  Most inner city neighborhoods are eclectic in nature, offering diversity rather than a homogenized experience, as is this neighborhood next to Capitol Hill area. Seattle in general is quite diverse in most all neighborhoods.  The neighborhood  is progressFreshly remodeled apartment in recently gutted old Seattle craftsman with a plethora of eco-friendly features. Located on a quiet street blocks away from shops, restaurants, bus lines, and Swedish Hospital, Seattle U, and quick access to downtown. Freshly renovated 700 sf 1 bedroom + den apartment with (1) full-size bed and (2) twin beds garden level Mother-In-Law apartment. The house boasts vegetative roofs, solar panels, energy efficiency, water conservation/rainwater storage environmentally friendly materials and finishes, non-toxic cleaning regime and supplies, and more - We're the greenest house in the neighborhood!  Apartment comes with fully equipped kitchen with all new stainless steel appliances.  Free Roku on 42" TV and wi-fi.  Modern bathroom with free-standing soaker tub and shower.  Enjoy a cozy, pristine apartment on a quiet residential street just steps away from everything.  Dogs are welcome to stay upon prior approval with a separate Pet Stay Fee ($75 per week/ or $15 Unique, charming 1904 cottage, very light, peaceful, private, and comfortable. Sweet outdoor spaces. Great location, a quick walk to Pike/Pine, one of Seattle's most fun, interesting areas, and steps from coffee, movies, and more. Just off busline. Lovely, cozy, private cottage, around 650 sq ft, with many unique features. The bed is organic and very comfortable. There's a large library for you to enjoy, and multiple options for your musical pleasure, including an old-style component stereo with a turntable and nice selection of albums, an iPod player, plus a piano and congas. There's a small flat-screen TV, cable, and wifi. The kitchen is fully equipped, including a water filter on the kitchen tap. I have a French press and provide organic coffee and tea. There's a petite deck (though big enough for two) for morning sun and a larger one for afternoon sun. The small yard is very pleasant with lots of plantings and plenty of privacy. The house sits behind another house and is accessed bThis townhouse is located in the Central District and is within walking distance to Capitol Hill, downtown, and the International District. There's a view of downtown from our rooftop deck, a great kitchen, and lush small backyard. We love our townhouse! The neighborhood is great- we have wonderfully friendly neighbors and within five minutes walking distance to parks, cafes, and restaurants. Our townhouse has three floors. The ground floor offers some storage space and also a nook with a fold-out twin size futon, which can sleep 1 adult. The backdoor leads to a great little backyard. The first floor contains the spacious living room and dining area and a fully-equipped kitchen. The floor plan is very open. The kitchen contains amenities such as a small espresso machine, soda water maker, and of course dishwasher, etc. The kitchen will be fully-stocked with all the essentials. This floor also has a half-bathroom. The second floor contains the two bedrooms. The master bedroom has a veryTruly a tucked away gem, this dreamy 1BD spot is actually smack dab in the middle of the city! Enjoy a porch to enjoy your morning joe, a private parking spot & all the best Capitol Hill has to offer- minutes from restaurants, parks, bars, & grocery! Welcome to Seattle! I love this city and my plan is to make your stay here a sweet one. This apartment offers the best of both worlds: it feels like a quiet tucked away retreat, but it's sheer minutes away from the beating heart of Seattle's eclectic Capitol Hill neighborhood.  My lovely apartment was uniquely designed & crafted out of a farmhouse built in 1900. Quietly nestled, it has private entry, original exposed brick, hardwood floors, a spacious front porch with a grill, and the coziest living room set up that just begs for you to nuzzle up with a book and relax. Your space features plentiful plants to keep you company, a bedroom with a double sized bed, an Apple TV set up for online television streaming, and a fully stocked kitchen Sunny, clean and chic 2-floor custom-designed home is close to everything fun and unique in Seattle. Get to Capitol Hill, downtown and Pioneer Square in a jiff. Lush bedding, full kitchen, back patio, bath, smart TV, Wi-Fi, on main bus route.  My husband and I recently remodeled every inch of our 900-square foot townhome and put a lot of love into custom-designing unique features of the kitchen, bathroom and bedrooms for maximum coziness and usability. The north-south facing floor plan is open, airy and sunny. A reserved parking space is out back and lots of free street parking is out front. Laundry, kitchen and bath amenities are included. Everything! The whole townhome is yours during your stay, including one reserved parking spot and our small, shaded backyard. We ask that you please respect our neighbors' privacy and peace and quiet while enjoying our home and the back and front yards. Absolutely no loud parties; quiet time between 10 p.m. and 7 a.m. We respect our guests' privacy This three-bedroom home boasts south-eastern wraparound views from every room. In the neighborhood of Leschi, it's located 5 minutes from the International District, 10 minutes to Century Link Field and downtown Seattle! In this spacious home, you'll feel on top of the world! The perfect location for exploring Seattle or simply watching rowers pass on Lake Washington. This special home is large enough to fit your whole family, yet minutes from downtown. Don't miss this steal for the holidays! The whole house will be at your disposal, save for one office room on the lower floor and the garage. That said, there are two off-street parking spots included available at no additional charge. Enter the house through a keypad on the door and re-enter the combination to lock it before you leave! If you have problems, we'll have a friend down the street ready to help you out. Leschi is a small neighborhood right on Lake Washington, and our home is walking distance from Leschi Starbucks, BluewaterEnjoy a quiet, clean, Pacific Northwest experience. This location is central to Seattle's many great neighborhoods. The bedroom has its own attached private bathroom with a shower. Easy access to bus/rail, airport, and even the mountains! This townhome is conveniently located between great neighborhoods in Seattle! The neighborhood itself is nice and quiet, giving you the option to seek whatever travel experience you're looking for. Our home embraces a natural, outdoorsy Pacific Northwest vibe. Feel free to spend time in the kitchen and living room on the ground level. You're welcome to store some items in the fridge, and wash/dry clothes if needed as well. I have two female roommates with busy schedules who will come and go during your stay. They are friendly and helpful if you need! The Central District of Seattle is a great spot! The home is situated between Capitol Hill, Downtown Seattle, and the International District. The Leschi neighborhood itself is more family oriented, with lCentrally located in Madrona, this apartment is in the lower half of a quiet hip neighborhood home. The  apartment sleeps 4 comfortably with one queen bed and one sleeper futon in a separate room. A full bath and laundry facilities in the unit.  The apartment is very private while nestled in the adorable Madrona neighborhood.  Madrona is one of the quaintest and hip neighborhoods of Seattle.  You will reside in the lower apartment of the house.  Including a bedroom, laundry, bathroom and a living space with a pull out bed.  THERE IS NO KITCHEN!!!!  I have a fridge and coffee maker only. PLEASE ASK IF A DATE IS MARKED OUT. IF POSSIBLE, I CAN REARRANGE MY PLANS. Guests have their own outside door and access to the apartment through the gated gardens in the yard. You will meet the tenant who lives upstairs to get key to unit.  If not home she will tell you where to find it.  Please be careful coming down stairs at night; there is a drain at bottom of stairwell that could cause unbalance. PRIVATE UNIT (NOT SHARED) OUTRAGIOUS PANORAMIC VIEWS of Lake Washington & Mt. Rainier MIXED WITH OLD WORLD ENGLISH TUDOR CHARM & HUGE 1000 SQ FT SPACE. Located on a quiet street, easy parking & CLOSE TO DOWNTOWN, Capitol Hill & Seattle University. Hello Travelers! This is a HUGE 1000 square foot top floor PRIVATE APARTMENT of a Tudor mansion triplex house in Leschi, one of the most desirable areas to live in Seattle.  The spacious unit can sleep 1-4 people, has a hotel quality bed and mattress with plush cotton sheets, and includes a bedroom, spacious living room, two view decks, and a large kitchen with new appliances.  The bathroom has a classic crawfoot bathtub with shower extension. If you are looking for a clean and comfortable place, with flexible check-in and check-out times, a neighborhood known for its diversity and entertainment and a friendly host, you have come to the right place. This house is approx. 25 minutes (rush hour traffic 45 minutes) from Seatac Airport and 10 minBuilt in 2015.  Convenient to City - 10 min to downtown by direct bus line on the corner!  Enjoy sunshine from lots of big windows and balcony. Private bathroom. This is listing for the master room of my home. For entire house and/or reviews, please see: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/6990882 For each rooms - Master room: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7093738 Second master room: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7093910 Second room: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7093986 Features:  - On 3rd floor.  - Brand-new king size bed with top quality memory form mattress  - A balcony with territorial view.  - Attached bathroom. Below is description of common area:  - 65" LED TV plus dedicated PC and printer for guest use.  - Quartz counter top on cabinets and island.  - Nice wooden 8' table from Restoration Hardware which can host 8+ people.  - Most-comfortable-ever motorized sectional (has 4 recliners). Pretty sure you don't want to go to bed :) Master room on 3rd floor is yours. You have common access tOur home is an early 1900s craftsman. Conveniently located less than 3 miles from downtown Seattle. Enjoy sweeping views of Lake Washington, comforts of home, and books/toys for the kids.  Our home is comfortable, yet simple. It is kid friendly with toys/books for your family to enjoy.  The location is one of the best in Seattle. It is close to downtown and walking distance to Lake Washington--The perfect home base for enjoying the best of what Seattle has to offer. We are available by phone if guests need anything during their stay.  We have a second house on Vashon Island (less than 1 hr away), so while we probably won't meet, we are close by if needed. Our house is located in the Leschi neighborhood, next to Madrona. The neighborhood is located on a slope rising from Lake Washington, so there are hill-top views. To the east, views overlook Bellevue, Lake Washington, the Cascade Mountains and moonrises. Downtown is approx. 3 miles to the west. The neighborhood is rich in diversity anBasement Room in nice house for 2 guests.  Wood-paneled room has private entrance and full bath, with small fridge, microwave, and queen bed.  Located next to park in quiet neighborhood.  We are 45 minutes by train/bus transfer from airport.  Central Location with 3 different bus stops 5 minutes by foot.  One host does not own a car - no need for one.   It takes 40 minutes to walk downtown (20 minute bus).  In another direction it takes the same time for a swim in Lake Washington.  In another direction, it takes the same time to reach the vibrant Capitol Hill area or any of the fantastic performing arts' venues in this cultural treasure of a city.  There are roughly 20 restaurants and 2 markets within a 10 minute walk, and a bakery within a 2 minute walk.  Gay friendly hosts.  We listed our property on Airbnb in June 2013, have met so many nice folks from across the globe, and like this experience.  In May 2014, we added a 2nd listing ("studio loft garden cottage").  The 9/10/14 editioNew construction town home near Judkins Park. Close to Lake Washington, International District, Capitol Hill and Seattle Bouldering Project! Street Parking available as well as a number of buses. The Space Newly constructed modern single family home in the heart of Seattle. This is a two bedroom, two bathroom townhouse. At 1400 square feet, there's plenty of room for you and your guests to spread out and be comfortable. There are two queen beds. Take advantage of our kitchen for meals, or venture out and sample some awesome Seattle restaurants during your stay here! Start the morning off right with some coffee in the kitchen. Or head out to Broadcast Coffee Roasters, The Station, or QED Coffee. All are popular stops near our place. Grab breakfast at Cheeky Café or Baja Bistro. Head out for some fresh morning air while you're here – explore Colman Park, Waterfall Garden, or Pratt Park.  Try Moonlight Café or San Fernando Roasted Chicken for lunch. Then head back home for a nice afternooThis gorgeous open floor plan with floor to ceiling windows is the ideal location for your Seattle vacation. This condo unit is perfectly situated between downtown Seattle and the Leschi waterfront.  This gorgeous open floor plan with floor to ceiling windows is the ideal location for your Seattle vacation. This condo unit is perfectly situated between downtown Seattle and the Leschi waterfront. Take a morning stroll through the picturesque Frink Park as you walk down the hill to grab breakfast or a quick coffee. Or maybe you want to catch the easily accessible local metro bus down to the funky international district to do some shopping for that perfect vacation souvenir. Don't feel like going out? Don't worry, the pizzeria in the ground level of the building is open daily and is a great place to take the kids if needed. Enjoy secure covered garage parking and a secure entry way, an amazing roof-top deck that offers you panoramic views of the downtown Seattle skyline, a third floor terChris and Tracey's personal home! 2.5 miles from downtown and 6 blocks from beautiful Lake Washington, the location of this home is central to all Seattle has to offer. You're welcome to the entire house, except for our child's nursery on the upper floor and the storage closet under the stairs. Please avoid those areas as we keep personal items in those rooms. Contact us at any time! See the House Manual for contact info. Please see the Guidebook for some excellent suggestions on grocery, coffee, and food all within walking distance. The 14 bus westbound goes right through downtown and the 8 bus takes you through Madison Valley and Capitol Hill northbound and the Mount Baker light-rail station southbound.Private entry unit attached to main house overlooking small city park.  160 sq. foot 1st floor with kitchen (gas stove/full fridge) plus 140 sq ft loft bedroom climbed via ladder, plus full bath with washer/dryer.  Fully furnished (linens/pans, etc). While our house is 105 years old, this cottage is only 15, and was built by a contractor given the task of "creating the feel of a Vermont cabin."    It is completely separate from our other unit on Airbnb ("Private entrance and central") and is self-contained, from the entrance, to the bathroom, and kitchen.  Queen bed in loft.  Through your windows you will see lots of trees, hummingbirds, woodpeckers, and endless squirrels.  We supply pots/pans/towels, as well as a rack outside your door with all sorts of mini-appliances.  Just bring your clothes.  Two caveats:  First, if you don't feel comfortable climbing a ladder to your bed, or climbing down a ladder in the middle of the night to use the bathroom, this is not the spot for you.  SecoEnjoy all of the comforts of a well-appointed, recently renovated, family home during your Seattle stay. Walking distance to the lake shore and great restaurants. Easy access to downtown, Capital Hill, Madison Park and I-90. Both city and lake views. As we are travelling as well, we will likely never have the opportunity to meet. You will be able to live in the home, uninterrupted. However, should you need anything during your stay, I am available via phone. Additionally, I have a hired a caretaker for the property and have a slew of wonderful neighbors and friends willing to jump in to help. Our neighborhood is a wonderful place to walk and feels very much away from the city while still being close to everything. Just a block and a half from the house is a small commercial district with a charming French bakery, an Italian cafe and a French bistro. You can enjoy spectacular views of the city and sound from the restaurants or from the newly architected overlook area.  You can also headBuilt in 2015.  Convenient to City - 10 min to downtown by direct bus line on the corner!  Enjoy sunshine from lots of big windows. Private bathroom. This is listing for the second master room of my home.  For entire house and/or reviews, please see: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/6990882 For each rooms - Master room: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7093738 Second master room: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7093910 Second room: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7093986 Features:  - On 1st floor.  - Brand-new queen size bed with memory form mattress  - Walk-in closet.  - Attached full bathroom.  - Massage chair in room. Below is description of common area:  - 65" LED TV plus dedicated PC and printer for guest use.  - Quartz counter top on cabinets and island.  - Nice wooden 8' table from Restoration Hardware which can host 8+ people.  - Most-comfortable-ever motorized sectional (has 4 recliners). Pretty sure you don't want to go to bed :)  - Massage chair! Your room on 1st floor is yours. You have This is a great, clean, smoke-free, fresh 1 Bedroom apartment with a queen size bed. Your home away from home in Seattle.  Great access to bus lines or easy parking if traveling by car. This is a newly finished (summer 2014)  Mother-In-Law unit in the basement of my home. The cute kitchenette has a microwave/ convection oven, induction burner, dishwasher, disposal, and all the kitchen essentials needed to cook and eat.  There is a Keurig machine and coffee pods;  washer/dryer.   The 36" TV has premium channels such as HBO. House Wifi I recommend trying Munchery to order in great fresh food.  They tend to deliver within 20 minutes of ordering. Guests are welcome to interact (usually via text is fastest) as needed.  If there is a request for a few groceries to be present upon check-in I can certainly make that happen. I love this neighborhood because it is close to downtown (7 minutes by car or 15 minutes by bus) and it is ethnically diverse while being a safe neighborhood (I have lived Great room in recently remodeled house with a fantastic chef's kitchen. House is close to Harborview Medical Center, Virginia Mason, and Swedish Hospitals. This place is perfect for rotating medical students, or other medical practitioners. Bus stop to HMC is right next to the house and drops off right in front of the Hospital. For Non-medical travelers this is a great location on a park with running, and biking trails. Easy access to Lake washington over the hill. Remodeled Chefs Kitchen. Bus Stop located on Martin Luther King Drive 150 feet from front door. Direct bus access to several parts of town. Light rail station is one mile from the house and is an easy walk. Stop by the grocery store on your way, or take a quick and cheap Taxi/Uber. If you get a rental car there is plenty of street parking as well as some limited off street parking.  Here is an example of Distances and time estimates for a few places courtesy of (website hidden):  Bus Stop for Route #4, #8 is 150ft from the fArtsy fun grandma cottage!  Bright colors, homey feel, for a cozy vintage stay.  Gorgeous garden, comfortable beds, clawfoot tub.  Step into the 1950's look with a modern kitchen and fun environment! Not your grandmother's grandma cottage! This 1930's house with super eclectic 1950's decor, two bedrooms, and a fantastic veggie garden comfortably sleeps four and has an awesome hot tub & deck.  Conveniently located in the Central District, come stay! This listing is for the upstairs level of my house. It's the house I live and work in, except for when I'm traveling, which is a LOT! The basement is a separate rental. The house is 2 bedroom, 1 bath with a full kitchen, living room, and dining room.  There is a sunny afternoon front porch, and a fantastic back yard with a vegetable garden.   Homeowners are queer-friendly artists and enterpreneurs who are quiet and respectful, we love renters who are the same. House Details: The house is filled with kitschy, quirky 1950's collectibles and coBreathtaking sunrises are seen from this room & balcony of the Cascades, Lake Washington, Sea Fair Air Show. Second floor bedroom, overlooks Downtown Bellevue & neighborhood streets. It has a ceiling fan, maple floors, and full length mirror doors. The room was built for international university & college students, who arrive with only their clothes, and are here to focus on studies, which is why its fully furnished with bedding (sheets/blankets/pillow/mattress cover), lamp, towels & rack, and lots of storage space.  Your belongings are put under lock & key (included), for safe keeping when you go out. One of 2 full bathrooms is always available for any of the 5 persons, living in the home. The large isolated kitchen has no rooms above or below it and its own door, so you can do laundry late, w/o disturbing anyone, and two people can easily cook meals at the same time. Several bus lines are within 2 blocks (in 3 directions) walking distance of the house, which take you directly to the Newly remodeled home in south seattle with open concept. Chef's kitchen with plenty of space. Off street parking. Garage for bike parking etc. Bicycle available with deposit. Huge 70" TV in living room. 55" TV in bedroom. Private full bathroom with amenities. House adjacent to park with tennis courts and running/biking trails right along lake washington. Central location with access to Downtown, Capital hill, and Bellevue. Bus stop 150 ft from front door. Light Rail from airport close by. Private room with full bathroom just down the hall. Full access to kitchen and adjacent dining room. Plenty of refrigerator and freezer space with an extra refrigerator/freezer in the garage. Free to use all cooking appliances and cookware. Full access to TV, Record player, and Video game system in the living room. Access to the garage for laundry, fridge access if needed and bike storage. I love to travel and meet new people, but I work a lot so for the most part you will likely have your run of the Large roomy bedroom with connected bathroom. Full access to living room, kitchen and rooftop with a view. Very Modern looking space with lots of great amenities! Guests have access to full kitchen, living area, washer and dryer, as well the rooftop with view of the city. I will be available for any questions you may have! Short drive or bus ride to the heart of Seattle. Nearby grocery and restaurants. Very close to public transit which brings you right downtown. About $7 Uber to the city.We hope that when you stay with us, your experience will be much like when you stay at a friend's place. We have good insider tips and provide a comfortable and clean space.  Safe travels! The guest room is located on the first floor of our home (street level). The room is modest but very comfortable. It includes a closet, desk, and a convertible couch that is very comfortable and can sleep two people. Guests also have a private full bathroom.  Other features: ·   Full kitchen ·   Washer & dryer in home ·   Free WiFi  ·   TV & entertainment ·   Board games ·   Parking ·   Very friendly hosts :) You are also welcome to use the kitchen, dining room, and living room area (all on the second floor).  The rest of the bedrooms are on the third and fourth floors. These bedrooms are off limits.  You will be welcomed by one of us that live here. We aim to set you up with what you need and are full of good recommendations. You are then free to start relaxing, sightseeing, or whatever brings you tJust 2 miles from downtown, our cozy Leschi home is the perfect location to experience the bustle of the city with the calm of a quiet street. Enjoy a private room w den, full bathroom, mini fridge and shared outside space. Close to restaurants/bars. The space is around 1000 sq feet in the basement of our home. There is a separate bedroom with a queen bed and a small den with a large flat screen tv with access to satellite channels. Additionally, there is a large sized bathroom connected to the bedroom. Private bathroom Private mini fridge Private television with satellite tv Couch in den for relaxing and/or a possible 3rd occupant Access to kitchen Access to backyard - landscaped with lights Convenient street parking We do live in the home, so we will be there. However, we both work full time jobs and have fairly active social lives, so we are often in and out. During your stay, we will consider the den, bedroom and bathroom your private area. We will be there to welcome you and, hopeSecluded and tasteful 1BD ground-level apartment with separate entrance, bathroom, full kitchen and W/D. Hidden on a quiet street a block up from public waterfront, 3 blocks from Leschi's restaurants and grocery store. 10 min drive to downtown. This 700 SF MIL apartment was lovingly designed and decorated by architect owners.  Bedroom, walk-in closet and bathroom function like a suite, separated from the living room by a sliding door.   You can enjoy watching TV, or reading one of the 100s of books on the shelves.  We just ask you finish the book during your stay and leave it for next guests.  The space is serene and relaxing, perfect for a couple or parents with child.  We are happy to provide a portable crib and high chair if needed. Kitchen is perfectly sized and fully equipped to cook a full meal. Dining table folds out to 5ft diameter if needed. The apartment has all that is needed for a couple of nights stay in Seattle as well as a long vacation or a work trip. Guests enter thougThis fully furnished modern 4-star Built Green house is a wonderful retreat in the center of Seattle and is perfect for a family with young children. Settled on a beautiful tree-lined block near Judkins Park, this 3-bedroom, 2.5 bath 1940 square foot home (which is a single family home but shares a wall with a single-story bungalow) is a full of natural light and modern furniture.  The house has a driveway and free street parking.  The bus stop is half a block from the house and the #4 takes you downtown in minutes. Light rail stations are just a drive down MLK street. You can hike through the I-90 tunnel and be on the Lake Washington path in 20 minutes. The house is minutes from trendy Capitol Hill, downtown, the cute Mt. Baker neighborhood, Madrona, and the family friendly Columbia City.  Culinary enthusiasts will enjoy the large eat-in kitchen with a Viking range, Bosch dishwasher and espresso machine. The master bedroom has a King size bed, a small outdoor patio with hammock, and aOur 3 bedroom house sits just blocks from hip restaurants and boutiques. It comfortably sleeps 6+ and is centrally located just minutes from Capitol Hill and Downtown. Enjoy a gourmet kitchen, spacious backyard and easy  access to major bus lines. Our home offers amazing light filled rooms, and stylish details. It feels lived in, cared for, warm,  inviting and inspiring. We love to entertain, and thus have equipped our kitchen well and have a beautiful, custom made dining table that comfortably seats 8.  The master bedroom is on the main floor, along with an attached bathroom. Also on the main floor is an office, which can comfortably sleep two with our deluxe, queen sized inflatable mattress. The basement is finished and offers another bedroom with full sized bed, a bathroom, a TV room with a queen sized sleeper sofa, and an additional room we use for exercising. Guests have access to the entire house and backyard. Since this is the home we live in full time, we only rent it out when Beautiful home located in the Central District features private slate entry, birch floors with radiant heat, granite countertops, stainless steel appliances, and vaulted ceilings.  Calendar and availability is kept updated for easy booking. Our home offers amazing light filled rooms, and stylish details. It feels lived in, cared for, warm, inviting and inspiring.  The layout at a glance: *Floor 1:  Entrance, bathroom, guest bedroom with full bed and access to private backyard. *Floor 2:  Living room with fireplace, dining room with balcony, large kitchen, guest bathroom *Floor 3:  Master bedroom with queen bed and walk-in closet, Second bedroom with queen bed and walk-in closet, full bathroom, washer/dryer Everything! Well, everything except the garage.  The rest of the home is yours during your stay, including one reserved parking spot and our small, shaded backyard. We ask that you please respect our neighbors' privacy and peace and quiet while enjoying our home and the backyard. No Located on a beautiful tree lined street, this 1920's home is quiet and comfortable. The simple design and classic style makes it both welcoming, private and comfortable place to stay, I live on the first floor of this home and have listed the guest. You will have a dedicated bedroom and closet space, as well as a single hallway to cross to your living/seating/relaxing room and your private bathroom with bath, shower, mirrors, hair dryer, flat irons as well as shampoo and conditioner and fresh towels supplied. The bathroom also has a fan heater, privacy window and lots of lights. You will have full access to the second floor, while I have full access to the first floor. Typically there is no access to the kitchen on the first floor for guests. Of course in an emergency, I would help as much as possible. My office is less than one (1) mile from the house and I use my smart phone consistently. So feel free to call, text or email if needed. A beautiful tree lined street with lots of maturLocated near Leschi area in Seattle, just 2 miles from downtown and walking distance from Lake Washington. Very modern new amenities as well as a great rooftop view of the city and surrounding area. Additional back yard space with barbecue. Very open and spacious 3 bedroom 3.5 bathroom, kitchen is equipped with all new stainless steel appliances and gas range with convection oven. Open living room with new leather sectional and large gas fireplace. High efficiency washer and dryer. Spacious rooftop with gorgeous view of Seattle and surrounding areas. We will be available via email, phone, and text message anytime. Short drive to downtown or many bars on Capitol Hill, walking distance to lake Washington. Great public transit that brings you downtown or to Capitol Hill. Plenty of street parking options available at no cost.Cozy and clean 2nd bedroom with a dbl bed, dresser, closet, and desk in quiet home, 20-min bus ride, 30-min walk downtown. I work from home and have a dog, cat (very lovable) and great neighbors in 4-plex. Full access to kitchen and shared full bath. Smaller bedroom in a 2-bedroom apartment. Furnished with double bed, bedside table, dresser, desk, closet, and TV. Window that allows light and air. Large fan to keep room cool.  Wireless internet access throughout the house. We can also negotiate access to a Queen-sized sleeper sofa in living room. You will have access to entire apartment including full kitchen, bathroom, and washer/dryer. You may borrow an iron and ironing board and we can negotiate the small appliances. You can use my dishes...just wash up afterward. Please buy your own food, drink, pet food, and booze. I can provide some linens. Small sun porch. Large-screen TV in living room. No cable but antenna with many channels, Apple TV, Roku, etc. I can pet sit for you (if neces***PLEASE READ THIS DESCRIPTION THOROUGHLY BEFORE INQUIRING!*** Disclaimer: 1) Previous history booking (with positive reviews from hosts) through Airbnb REQUIRED. We only consider requests from guests who have an established history and positive reviews as guests of other houses. 2) The person booking MUST BE PRESENT throughout the booking. We do not accept bookings made for guests who do not have an Airbnb account. Fully furnished 2 bed/1.5 bath townhouse in Seattle's Leschi / Judkins Park Neighborhood. 10min away (inside roads) from Int'l District, Downtown, and Capitol Hill. Private parking in front of house, unrestricted street parking and quick access to local bus. This is fully furnished, 3-story townhouse for those who need a comfortable home away from home. Those who stay here will have access to: * Master bedroom w/ 1 queen-size bed * Guest bedroom w/ 1 full-size bed * Livingroom w/ 1 full-size futon bed * Fully stocked kitchen * Uncovered deck * TV, DVD player, Nintendo Wii Open room in 3 bedroom townhouse, comes with great on suite master bathroom. Very modern space with great amenities! Guests have access to the master bedroom and bathroom, living area, kitchen, backyard (With grill), as well the rooftop where you get a great view of the city. I will be around to offer recommendations or if you need help with anything else. Very close to Lake Washington as well two miles to the heart of Seattle. Neighborhood is very close to public transit, which will bring you right downtown, or a $7 Uber to the city center.Madrona is a cute neighborhood minutes from downtown Seattle,Capital Hill ,UW and Husky games.  Near Lake Washington, Madrona has darling shops, restaurants, coffee shops.A patio in the backyard is a great resting spot at the end of your busy day. For guests reserving for a 28 day or longer stay, a $50.00 cleaning fee will be added to the total upon acceptance of reservation.This newly refinished Blue Room has everything you'll need to feel comfy after a day of travel or enjoying some of the many sights found within minutes of the house, including Seattle stadiums, hospitals, and Downtown business core. This room was built for international university & college students, who arrive with only their clothes, and were here to focus on studies, which is why its fully furnished with bedding (sheets/blankets/pillow/mattress cover), lamp, towels & rack, chairs, and lots of storage space. Put your belongings under lock & key (included), for safe keeping while you're out. Blue Room is accompanied with Blue Coded spaces in the Fridge & Freezer and kitchen cabinets. Use of the clothes washer & dryer is also available to each room guest. One of 2 full bathrooms is usually available for any of the 5 persons, living in the home. The large isolated kitchen has no rooms above or below it and its own door, so you can cook or do laundry late, w/o disturbing anyone, and two Enjoy our 5-BR home: panoramic views of Lake Washington & Cascade Mountains. Fully remodeled, including gourmet kitchen, fabulous deck for lounging & A/C. Perfect for a family; comfortably sleeps 8 people. Walk to lake & shops, easy bus to downtown. Our home offers views of Lake Washington and the Cascades from all 3 levels.  Main level offers gourmet kitchen; a large deck with sliding glass doors, which allows for a spacious indoor/outdoor dining area (gas grill & picnic table available); dining room and 2 living rooms for lounging.   Upper level has 3 bedrooms.  Master bedroom has king size bed and master bath with shower and bathtub.  2nd room has a twin bed.  3rd room has a bunk bed (queen bed + twin).  A second bathroom also available on this level. Lower level includes an entertainment area with large cozy couch and TV (cable and DVDs for kids & adults available); guest bedroom (full size bed); play room for kids (could also use as an extra bedroom with inflatable mattress); bathPrivate room in a 2 bedroom townhouse in nice Seattle neighborhood. Comfortable room with a full size bed.  Perfect space for one person. Bedroom, Shared Bath, Deck, Living room We live here, so interact as much as you want, or not at all if you prefer some alone time. Quiet residential area. 3 City bus routes will get you to/from our place to the city center or surrounding suburbsWe're in Madrona, a lovely, residential lake view neighborhood just 10 minutes from downtown attractions of the Mariners & Seahawks stadiums, Seattle Art Museum & the Aquarium. Stroll on Lake Washington in the morning, dine on Puget (EMAIL HIDDEN)plete remodelled 5-bedroom, four-bath Seattle craftsman in the historic, tree-lined neighborhood of Madrona. Just ten minutes from downtown with a view of the Olympic Mountains. Chef's kitchen opens to private 400-square-foot outdoor blue stone desk. Walk to village of Madrona and enjoy wonderful restaurants, live music, fine bakeries, park and Molly Moon's gourmet ice cream. Hop on a car-free path for the ten minutes walk through Madrona Woods to the shore of Lake Washington. Take the bus downtown in 13 minutes. Or just soak in our giant bathtub or enjoy the sunset on the deck.  We have two bedrooms with queen beds, one bedroom with a full size bed, one bedroom with a twin bed, and one bedroom with bunk beds. So we sleep a total of 9-10 peoplBeautiful modern craftsman house located in Leschi neighborhood of Seattle. Centrally located - just minutes away from Downtown, Light Rail, Highways, Lake Washington waterfront, Capitol Hill, Madison Park, Pioneer Square and International District. Entire house, except for locked doors and garage. Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions regarding your stay. In addition, I'm happy to provide any recommendations on what to do, where to eat, and what to see around town! - 10min drive to downtown and Capitol Hill. - 7min drive to Madison Park. - 8min drive from Mt Baker Light Rail Station (from/to airport). - 3 blocks from Lake Washington water view. - 1 block away from bus stop, 20min bus ride to downtown. If you encounter any urgent issues with your stay, please feel free to contact me via text.Be close to downtown without the noise in desirable Leschi neighborhood!  Bed I am offering is a hide-a-bed in second room I am currently using as an office.  Perfect for anyone looking for a cross between something economical and value! Guests will have their own key I live in the desirable Leschi neighborhood, just minutes from downtown (by car) to the west and a short hike down to Lake Washington to the east. There is a bus stop right in front of the building, that can take you all around Seattle and what it has to offer I do not book more than 30 days in advance, and will not book a stay longer than approximately one month.Our large light and comfy second bedroom includes a memory foam mattress, desk, large closet, mini fridge and coffee station. 5-10 Minutes away from Downtown, Capitol Hill, Beacon Hill, Madrona, Mt. Baker but in a quiet neighborhood and 100 yards away from bus route. Plenty of Free Parking.  HBO GO, Netflix and Hulu, Apple TV (ESPN,FOX,SHOWTIME,CNN, etc. FREE ORCA card for the time of your stay( bus, light-rail). Checking in without one of the host. #1 Retrieve the key out of the lockbox near the front door. (CODE will be sent day of checkin). #2 Enter through the backdoor #3 your room is to the left when you face the (website hidden): Two remotes 1 for the TV and the other for Apple TV device -power on the TV, and hit any button on the apple remote. (your ready to choose from (HBO GO, NETFLIX, HULU LAUNDRY: Quarters for one load located on your night stand near your welcome message. Key - Laundry Key is the additional key on your key ring -the laundry room is located out the back doorThis cute two bedroom, one bathroom house in Central Seattle has a full kitchen, and enough room for you and your guests. The living room is a great place to hang out with friends, as is the outdoor patio. The Space This cute two bedroom, one bathroom house in Central Seattle has a full kitchen, and enough room for you and your guests. The living room is a great place to hang out with friends, as is the outdoor patio.  The Neighborhood Central Seattle is an ideal location and this is a nice house for exploring Seattle. It's convenient to restaurants, shopping, entertainment, and more. This home is also near Colman Park, Judkins Park and Playfield, Pratt Park, or Waterfall Garden. Or for the traveller who enjoys shopping, make a trip to Two Big Blondes, The Polka Dot Jersey, and Hosekibako. And of course, you're never far from water when you're staying in Seattle! Getting Around There are lots of bus stops within walking distance, especially on the nearby 31st Avenue. If you have a car,This room gets access to a balcony for viewing the Lake Washington, Sea Fair Air Show. Second floor bedroom faces East, overlooks the Cascades & Downtown Bellevue's Fireworks shows. It has a ceiling fan, maple floors, and a single bed. This room was built for a single person to arrive with only your clothes, and focused on your activities, which is why its fully furnished with bedding (sheets/blankets/pillow/mattress cover), lamp, towels & rack, chairs, and lots of storage space.  Put your belongings under lock & key (included), for safe keeping when you go out. One of 2 full bathrooms is always available for a max of 5 persons, living in the home. The large isolated kitchen has no rooms above or below it and its own door, so you can cook or do laundry late, w/o disturbing anyone, and two people can easily cook meals at the same time. I'm always available to advise on almost any subject that will help to get you around the city to a venue as quickly and safely as I can. If you like to Lge  home- corner lot -walking distance to Lake Washington, shops,  restaurants.  1.5 miles from downtown Seattle.  3 large bdrms, 2 bths top floor, living, dining, large kitchen main floor.  2 bdrms  1 bth, media rm lower floor. deck, fenced bkyard.Built in 2015. Convenient to City - 10 min to downtown by direct bus line on the corner!  Please expand "Description" and "House Rules" then read them carefully for early check-in and instant booking! This is listing for entire single family home - 1821sqft plus attached garage. I have one brand-new king size bed with top quality memory form mattress in master room which has a balcony, and two brand-new queen size beds with memory form mattress in another two rooms. If you're group is more than 10 people, please consider renting the next door as well.(Please inquire first) 10 seconds by walk: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/8104742 Equipped with:  - 70" LED TV plus AppleTV for guest use.  - Quartz counter top on cabinets and island.  - Nice wooden 8' table from Restoration Hardware which can host 8+ people.  - Keurig 2.0 Coffee Brewer. Keeping bunch of K-cups available but it would be great for you if you bring your own favorite K-cups.  - Most-comfortable-ever motorized sectional (has 4 Enjoy a quiet 1st floor bed and bath to yourself in a modern 3 FL townhouse and a quiet garden oasis. About 15-20 minute drive to Downtown & Cap hill.  Easy access to I-90 with busses to downtown, CapHill, Seattle Center, and nearest light rail station (1.25 miles) blocks away Enjoy a quiet stay with easy access to downtown, capital hill, and other neighborhoods.  Gay-friendly host About the house:   Modern 3 bedroom 2.5 bath bedroom with a fireplace, washer dryer and garden with a patio and BBQ.  Free on street parking. Your space: First floor bedroom and full bathroom, so you'll have the whole floor more or less to yourself.  The bedroom has direct access to patio/garden allowing you to have your own private entrance if you so choose or to read a book, relax, or enjoy morning coffee outdoors (when its not raining).   There's a BBQ on the patio that guests are welcome to use. You'll sleep on my very comfortable sofa bed (tested and approved by friends and myself) with memory foam mattEscape from the bustling city into a cozy room in lovely townhouse. Property is in the Central District, easy street parking available and close to bus lines. Room comes with full attached private bath, TV with Roku, access to Netflix and kitchen.Built in 2014. Convenient to City - 10 min to downtown by direct bus line on the corner! Please expand "Description" and "House Rules" then read them carefully. PLEASE NOTE:  As this is recent purchase, the photos here are from real estate. Will update with actual ones soon. Please expect the house is the same but furniture are better and no stickers in the wall. This is listing for entire single family home - 1820sqft plus attached garage. I have one brand-new king size bed with top quality memory form mattress in master room, and two brand-new queen size beds with memory form mattress in another two rooms. If you're group is more than 10 people, please consider renting the next door as well.(Please inquire first) 10 seconds by walk: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/6990882 Equipped with:  - 65" LED TV plus Apple TV for guest use.  - Quartz counter top on cabinets and island.  - Nice modern 8' table which can host 8+ people.  - Keurig 2.0 Coffee Brewer. Keeping bunch of K-cups available bBeautiful home with eastern views of Lake Washington, original Craftsman charm and thoughtful modern updates. 2 bedrooms, 1 bath, open kitchen, granite countertops, gas stove. Dinning for 8. Cozy living room w/ fireplace. Close to everything Seattle. Open floor plan, big windows, eastern views and natural light make Sparrow's Landing bright and comfortable in every season. Enjoy the lounge sofa with ottoman, bright cushioned window seats and a cozy gas fireplace in the living room. Hardwood floors throughout. Upstairs has a full bathroom and 2 bedrooms; one with a queen bed, the other with two twins. Wonderful porches for relaxing and entertaining. New gas grill. Off-street parking for 1 vehicle. Close to Leschi Market, Lake Center Marina, bus lines and the Central Link Light Rail. Walk to parks, nature paths, shops and restaurants in nearby Madrona neighborhood. Private access code granted upon confirmed arrival. Long term renter occupies the lower level apartment and is available to Newly renovated, 800 sq ft 1 BR lower level flat (sleeps 4-5) offers the tranquility of Seattle's Leschi neighborhood, with close proximity to downtown and Capitol Hill.  Enjoy upgraded finishes and large deck with views of Lake WA & Mount Rainier. Our lower level flat of our 1926 Tudor home has gone through a complete renovation during 2015.  The light-filled unit has approximately 800 square feet, and has high end finishes throughout.  The unit has a large living/dining room with an electric fireplace and TV/cable.  Enjoy a full size, updated and fully equipped kitchen and front-loading washer/dryer.  The main bedroom is very spacious and offers a queen size bed, a full closet and sitting area.  The living room offers pull out futon/sofas that can sleep 2-3 people.  Futons in living room are recommended for sleeping up to 2 additional adults or up to 3 additional children.   This rental has a very large deck that offers views of Mount Rainier, Lake Washington and Bellevue. Access to Steps from Lake Washington with easy access to downtown Seattle and the east side, our house has sweeping views of the lake, Bellevue, Mt. Baker, and Mt. Rainier. Enjoy Leschi village and Madrona shops, restaurants, and parks all within a short walk while still having convenient downtown access. The house is a two-story side-by-side duplex with a deck over looking Lake Washington, a large back patio with a grill and entertaining area Guests have access to the both decks and the patio. We live right next door and will be happy to answer questions. Our house is located close to the beach, restaurants, shopping, and a SPA. The neighborhood is quite quiet, and we ask that you respect the neighbors. Our neighborhood market, Leschi Market, is a mere 5 min walk from the house. Easy bus access to downtown, the ferry system, and Seatac airport by one convenient connection via light rail.Cozy 1 bedroom apartment at a lower level of our house in a beautiful area of Leschi. Just a short walk to Lake Washington, local restaurants, Starbucks, Leschi Market, marina, and the bus to downtown Seattle. Private entrance, free parking space. It's a cozy 1 bedroom apartment with a private entrance and free parking space. The living room has a pull out couch, table with chairs, a comfy arm chair, piano, TV. The bedroom has a queen size bed, closet, dresser, and a small sofa. The apartment is on a lower level/basement of our house, it has 8' ceilings, plenty of light, lots of windows facing the garden. The bathroom has a shower, no tub. Laundry room has a washer and dryer. The living room has a studio kitchen with full size fridge, sink, stove, cabinets. Make yourself at home! Enjoy the apartment downstairs as well as our garden and patio in the backyard. We'll be happy to answer any questions you might have, give you directions and suggest interesting places to visit in Seattle andComfortable daylight mother-in-law basement apartment! Perfectly located between Lake Washington and Downtown Seattle with free street parking. Blocks from a convient bus line and neighborhood shops. Full kitchen, separate bedroom, private entrance. The entire ground floor mother-in-law is yours for the duration of your stay. The bedroom has one bed suitable for 2 people (double) and a large walk-in closet.  The couch in the living area can be made up to sleep 2 more, but is not a fold-out couch.   When you arrive at your rental we will greet you and show you around the rental and give tips on the area.  Located in a great family friendly neighborhood with lots of possible ways to spend your time.  There is a convenient bus line 2.5 blocks away that goes straight into downtown Seattle and lots of on street parking for those with cars. There are also several restaurants, bars and attractions within walking distance.  You can walk/jog to (and then along) Lake Washington through a wooded Located on Tunnel Ridge a 2.5 mile drive from Seattle's historic Pioneer Square. My neighborhood is home to  That's Amore and the wonderful A La Bonne Franquette. Repast has great pastries and QED has brought hipster coffee to the hood.The Lark's Nest is a charming haven nestled in the trees adjacent to an enchanted forest in the quiet neighborhood of Leschi.  Accommodations with a private room with queen-sized bed, shared bathroom, and kitchen and grounds are available to guests. Your garden-inspired private room overlooks Lake Washington and the Cascades.  A full closet (with extra towels and linens) and set of dresser drawers are available for all your storage needs.  A cozy armchair, book nook and tray for tea and snacks provide the comforts of home. The upstairs sea-inspired bathroom is shared and has a double-headed shower and old-fashioned claw foot bathtub, just perfect for bubble baths.  There is also a downstairs bathroom with a shower.   Please feel free to use the kitchen.  We adore cooking and creating new dishes. It may be possible to share a meal together. If you are making meals on your own, please provide your own foodstuffs and tidy up when you are done.  There is a dining room and backyard patio, jSecond floor bedroom faces west and gets the setting sun. Featuring a cooling ceiling fan, maple floors, full length mirrored doors to help you look your best. Equipped with a lock & key to protect your belongings when you're out. The Green Room is  on the back of the house facing west, so if you like plane spotting, you just have to look up to see them approach SeaTac on they're landing path over Puget Sound. You can also sometimes hear a trains whistle as it travels past the stadiums where the Sounders, Sea Hawks, and Mariners play ball. Green Room is accompanied by Green Coded cabinets and Green Coded spaces in the Fridge & Freezer. Use of the clothes washer & dryer is also available to each room guest. I'm always available to advise on almost any subject that will help to get you around the city to a venue as quickly and safely as I can. If you like to run or jog, I'd suggest going a few blocks down to the lake and back.  This is a quiet well maintained residential area with lots oRenovated private guest cottage in Seattle's Central District, close to everything. Great option for work travels, relocation trips, University of Washington/Seattle University visits, Sounders/Mariners/Seahawks, family visits, and vacations.  Smoke-free and pet-free home.  Private, sunny, and tidy backyard guest cottage set 30 feet back from the main house with shared gardens of bamboo, Japanese maples, and vegetable beds. - 550 square feet, detached small house  - Comfortably accommodates 2 to 4 guests - Private entrance with keyless entry system (just enter security code) - One large living/dining room with ceiling fan - One large bedroom with one regular queen size bed (firm mattress) and huge closet.   - If you need an extra bed, we can set up a queen size Aerobed (high quality air mattress) in the living room. *Let us know in advance so that we can set everything up for your arrival. - One kitchen with custom cabinets, sink, refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, dishes,Very clean third floor studio for rent. The kitchen appliances and bathroom fixtures are new. There is a washer/dryer available for use. The studio is carpeted, and includes a full-size bed, table, chair, and couch. There is a balcony and free street parking. The studio is private and located in a new apartment complex with elevators and secure building access. I will meet with the guest to drop off the keys and give a tour. I will also be in the Seattle area and available to help with any guest requests. Downtown and all other areas of Seattle are a quick Uber, cab, or bus ride away. There is free street parking available outside the building.This luxury Seattle rental, located just 1 mile from downtown and major freeways, enjoys the enviable location of being within minutes of Pioneer Square, Safeco Field, Century Link Field, the International District and the Cruise Ship & Ferry Terminals while being far enough away from all the noise and traffic associated with a big city.  Close to two city parks, coffee shops and major bus stops you are living the city life while enjoying a super nice house. Professionaly decorated, this house has two full floors of living area and is ideal for families or couples traveling together.  First floor layout -  formal living and dining rooms, nice eat in kitchen and laundry room with powder room.  Second floor layout - two bedrooms and two baths.  Very nice fenced back yard with gas grill and nice front porch for enjoying the morning sun with your coffee. Sleeping up to 6 people (4 in bedrooms and 2 on queen sized sofa bed), this house is perfect situated to explore this world class city.The unit is the 1st floor "mother-in-law" apartment of a brand new, modern townhouse located in the Central District of Seattle.  The unit features a private entrance, separate living area, kitchenette, bedroom with queen size bed, and a private full bathroom. There is ample street parking, nearby bus lines, and you will be a short drive from popular restaurants, bars, and sights in Capitol Hill, Pike Place Market, the Space Needle, Downtown Seattle, International District, and more. Let me know when you are arriving and I will coordinate to let you in and give you the keys. My wife and I live upstairs with our dog.  We're always happy to answer questions, provide restaurant recommendations, or give tips on things to see and do in Seattle. If there's anything you need to be more comfortable, just let us know!One bedroom apartment close to downtown Seattle, Capitol Hill, Seattle University, University of Washington, Pioneer Square, baseball and football stadiums.Charming and immaculate cottage-style home, with beautiful finishes and furnishings throughout, oak hardwood floors, and plenty of natural light. Situated within 5 minutes of downtown Seattle by car or bus, next door to Judkins Park and walking/biking trails. Sleeps 4 comfortably. Your perfect Seattle getaway. Located close to downtown Seattle. Beautiful finishes and furnishings, sleeps 4 comfortably. This charming little cottage is nestled in a quiet area, yet only 5 min downtown Seattle by car. It is clean and comfortable, and serves as a perfect base for exploring all that Seattle has to offer.  Fully furnished w/2 beds, fresh towels & linens, washer/dryer, internet, TV, fireplace, gas stove I am available by email/text to help with any needs, or provide guidance/information about the city. I'm happy to help your stay be as enjoyable as possible. Across the street is beautiful Judkins Park with access to bicycle paths and footpaths to Lake Washington Blvd.  Convenient access to Metrthis townhouse is located in the heart of Seattle. 5 minutes from downtown, shops, restaurants, gyms and public transportation. it is a modern home that has everything a person needs to feel at home. this place can serve people that are on a business trip, vacations, students and families. This town house offers anything a person needs in order to feel at home. It has 3 bedrooms, 2 bedrooms that share one bathroom on the lower floor and another master suite on the third level. the kitchen and living room are located on the second floor. This town house has fully access to all of its bedrooms and bathrooms including the roof on the 4th floor. Me and my husband are both self employed and are available for our guests 24/7 for anything you might need. the townhouse is located in central Seattle. 5 minutes from downtown Seattle, shops, restaurants, gyms and public transportation. 5 minutes from downtown Seattle, shops, restaurants, gyms and public transportation.Two well-furnished private rooms are available in a great location within walking distance of downtown Seattle and Capitol Hill. Anyone looking for clean, comfortable accommodation in a peaceful, friendly neighborhood yet within easy reach of all the action will feel instantly at home in this Shangri-La.  This well-maintained family home offers two rooms that are ideal for a single person or a couple wanting to rent space in a pleasant, safe neighborhood. The house is exceptionally light and bright with wood flooring and tasteful décor throughout. Each private room has a comfortable bed and everything you need to call this space home.  A work desk is provided, making this an ideal choice for students, tourists and anyone working in downtown Seattle or at the Sea-Tac Airport. Long or short-stay visitors are warmly welcomed and the home is very family-friendly. Laura makes a warm and friendly hostess and provides a healthy breakfast daily in the very affordable room rate. There is a locaVirtually downtown Seattle; at east edge of International District. Classic bungalow owned by landscape architect and world traveler. Restful, Wifi wired, quiet. Walking distance to downtown,  buses everywhere, Sound Transit near. Tudor bungalow house with fireplace and garden. Romantic bedroom with new queen bed for two in the sunny southwest corner of the main floor.  Has a desk, its own closet with plenty shelf space, Tansu chest of drawers, and two window walls. It is just six steps to the shared bathroom door. An ironing board, soap, shampoo and towels are available. Garden is lovely year round and front entry deck provides basking in the sun. Check in is at 4pm and check out is 11am. Free, on-street parking is almost always available . Park here and walk or bus to downtown in 20 minutes. Make yourself at home in the living room (with fireplace and TV), the dining room, and kitchen with access to the front entry deck and to the backyard patio seating and outdoor eating area. KitchGreat downtown location! Close to Pioneer Square/Stadiums/International District/Waterfront/Capital Hill.  Included: underground parking/ 2 HD flat screen TVs with Direct TV/Wi-Fi/King bed.The best space for a travelling couple or the solo traveler. It is a half minute walk to the light which will get you to Downtown in 10 minutes. My pad is real nice and tidy. It comes with a bowflex! I have a rubber tree bed that you will love! This space comes with a T.V. with Chromecast. Blazing fast Wi-Fi! And the most beautiful view of Mt. Rainier on our roof deck. Everywhere! I'll have some very cool friends you can contact if you need anything! There's a few grocery stores around walking distance. Lot's of restaurants! We have a bus transit station and the light rail a half a minute away.Located in the Central District is our 1900 house w/easy access to bus lines & plentiful free street parking.  This upstairs room includes a queen size bed, HDTV hooked up w/Roku for hours of Netflix, as well as blackout curtains for a restful night. Laundry is available in the house, if needed, with detergent and fabric softener at no extra charge.  Two bathrooms are free to share as well. The smaller bathroom includes a toilet, sink & stand-up shower. The larger bathroom has a toilet, sink and claw foot tub and includes extra toiletries for your use (hair dryer, curling iron, mouthwash, soap, shampoo & conditioner, disposable razor & shaving cream and more!). You'll be set with your own key to come and go as you please. Early and late night check-ins can be accommodated, just ask to confirm prior to booking! We can interact as much or as little as your comfortable with and are happy to suggest activities and places to check out while you're in town. We do have two mini dachshunds whoLocated in a quiet residential neighborhood close to International District/Downtown/Capitol Hill. A private room with an en-suite bathroom is available in a contemporary home. You will have a private bedroom with an ensuite full bathroom (toilet, shower, and bathtub) located on the second floor of a three-story home.  The room comes with a queen-size bed  (firm mattress), a lounge chair & ottoman, a desk & chair, and a walk-in closet with hangers. The bathroom amenities include bath towels, hand towels, wash towels, shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel, cotton pads, cotton swabs, hair brush, blow dryer, and contact lens case. In summer, your room has a floor standing oscillating fan. Wi-Fi is available across the whole house at the download speed of 40 Mbps. Wired ethernet connection is available in the living room. If you see this listing unavailable for your dates or if you are 3 or 4 guests or two guests who want separate beds, check out another listing in the same building. Click House is 2 miles from city center.  Quiet small room with closet, comfortable queen size bed with Memory Foam mattress, Self check-in and check-out, no meeting with host. Free WIFI + laundry. Street Parking. House is two-level.  Your room is private with lock.  Access from a separate entrance from backyard door.   Keys stored in combination lock for self check in and check out, no need to meet with host.   Instruction will be provided 4 days within arrival.   Host lives upstairs for emergency needs. Free WIFI and free laundry.  Bathroom is shared with other guests from 3 other rooms. Kitchen is basic, but functional.  No living room.   Street Parking.  Backyard parking for load and unload only.   If you arrive earlier than your check in time (3PM),  luggages can be self stored in locked storage room next to house (will send lock combination upon request) and you can access bathroom and shower in common area. Next to park,  jogging and biking trail. House is 2 miles east of Seattle downQuiet neighborhood, easy access to I5 and I90 for hikes etc, great location near the International District and Capitol Hill. Lots to do close by. Also, there's a yard with a fire pit :) Nice craftsman home, South facing with great light. Easy walk to fun neighborhoods and easy access to I-90 & I-5. You have access to the whole house. I will be available by phone, but likely in NYC while you are in the house.Hi Folks!  Our private room is located in our house located in Seattle's Central District.  It is a large spacious room with large windows.  It can easily accommodate two guests.  While you are here, the upstairs bathroom will be all yours.   Guests will have access to the kitchen, dining area, and den.  There is off street parking in the rear of our house.   We are working parents with a two year old child.  So we keep a pretty early schedule. That being said, we are happy to meet you and help you enjoy your time in Seattle.  We are located in a walkable part of the city with nearby parks, grocery store, Starbucks, and other shops and restaurants.   Downtown, the International Distrtict, Capitol Hill, First Hill, Beacon Hill, Columbia City, and other parts of the city can be reached easily by bus or car.    We are conveniently located 1 block from multiple bus routes that go to the University of Washington and downtown.    CenuryLink Field and Safeco Field are about 30 minutes walk orHi! I am listing the master bedroom in my apartment. Room as direct access to a full bathroom. Washer/drier is in the room to for your use. I will be staying in the downstairs loft. Free street parking. 5ghz internet. Simple, clean accommodation.One whole floor of an old timey Seattle house w 1 BR with queen bed, extra wide couch & 1.5 bathrooms! Space for cots. A 20 minute walk or $6 cab to downtown. Near bus, train, & stadiums. A great base of operations from which to explore. Central Seattle Old Time Lodging House. Comfortable and convenient accommodations right near the center of the city. This house boasts a flair for history while still keeping you in touch with modern amenities. There is laundry available on site. Fresh linens and towels provided and guests over two may usually be accommodated with advance request. Snacks and maps provided. Bike storage available. There is always coffee. Very near the Mt. Baker light rail train station which drops you off right from the airport and can be taken into the center of downtown. Guests will have access to their private room and bath, a shared den, computer, and all common areas of the house. Use of the kitchen, living room, and dining room and all necessary utensils and cookwThe perfect base camp for Seattle exploration or business. Be close to everything but just outside downtown. This private unit is in the lower level of our home and has free street parking, a kitchenette, laundry, TV and 21 steps to the door. Comfortable, clean and convenient. You'll have everything you need to relax after a day of sightseeing, shopping, hiking, ferries, whale-watching, biking, bouldering or appointments. You will have access to the studio apartment filling the entire lower level of our home. The unit has its own separate entrance. The unit includes a queen bed, 32" TV, small kitchen (mini fridge, microwave, stovetop, small sink, coffee maker), private bathroom and laundry facilities We won't bug you, but we will be available if you need us via text, email or phone. Usually we are right upstairs! This super central location is close to I-5, I-90, downtown, the stadiums, Pill Hill (hospitals), the International District, Capitol Hill, and even Mercer Island and BellevuePrivate room in an old house in residential neighborhood near downtown. Very near bus lines and a light rail train station that runs from the airport to downtown. Use of kitchen, laundry, dining room, and 1.5 bathrooms. Free street parking. This listing is for one room in our Central Seattle House with full use of kitchen, 1.5 baths, dining area and laundry. It accommodates 1-2 people in a Queen size bed. If you would like to rent an entire floor of the house for a little bit more, then space can accommodate 1-4 people and we will even drag another full size bed up for you to put in the common area if needed. See my other listing for Central Seattle Lodging House for specifics on the space. You'll have shared access to the top floor of the house and your own private room adjacent to your own bathroom. There is another bathroom on this floor too, so nobody is ever waiting. If you want the whole top floor to yourself, check my other listing. From almost none to people hanging around readModern green built 5 story family friendly home with sweeping city and mountain views, 2+ bedrooms, 2 1/2 baths, 2 decks with herb garden & charcoal grill. Open floor plan with big windows & lots of light, family room, modern and antique furnishings.  A real chef lives here most of the year, therefore a fully equipped open chef's kitchen with gas range and stocked pantry is at your disposal.  Master suite penthouse oasis features tiled bath with heated floors and deep soaking tub. Enjoy a nightcap on the deck, curl up with a book from our extensive library and wake up to city, sky and mountain views. Second bedroom has additional city & mountain views. Home entrance opens into a european style shared courtyard.  Pratt Park across the street, good coffee shop 1 block away, yoga studio 2 doors down.  Located in the central district of the city, it's an easy walk, bike or bus 1.5 mile to downtown Pioneer Square, or 1.5 miles to the vibrant Pike-Pine neighborhood restaurant scene, Madison Explore Seattle from your private room located a short bus ride from downtown, the bus/light rail station and Seattle University. You're within walking distance to the International District / Chinatown, coffee shops, restaurants, parks, churches and temples. Start your morning with breakfast on the balcony, followed by bike/run to Lake Washington - the trail is a few minutes from your door. Spend your afternoon shopping in the International District with a banh mi in hand. End the day with glass of wine and wood-fired pizza or a Sounders game. Need a place to relax while visiting a local hospital, or attending a weekend class or conference? This is it! Guests will have access to a shared kitchen and bathroom. The owner lives in the unit. Plenty of free, unlimited street parking. Public parks and gardens abound in this quiet, urban neighborhood with easy freeway access - more parks than any other zip code in the city! Download OneBusAway or Trip Planner to be a Seattle bus expert, and Very large, 900 sq ft, one bedroom apartment in Seattle Central District. Fast Wifi, free street parking. One Full bed and we have two air mattresses with bedding. Apartment is lightly furnished so there's plenty of space.Located minutes from downtown this unit is a little taste of everything Seattle has to offer. The apartment is open and spacious with a ton of natural light. Most enticing for me has always been expansive garden that surrounds it. One of a kind historic home. Yard Laundry Friendly Quiet Steps away from Downtown Yes- bus sevice a block awayThis space is open an inviting as you can see a bit by the photos. Wifi included, hot shower an clean towels, soap and shampoo , full kitchen , roof top terrace, gym and downtown and international district accessible( easy walk). You are in walking distance of the International district, Seattle University and Capitol hill.  Downtown is not much further than that. There is an awesome coffee shop across the park, super great coffee an sweet staff, for that morning/midday caffeine fix. If you want to shop for groceries there is a store about 4 blocks east on the main street. A great little cafe for food a block west, and a beautiful park with hiking trails nearby.*** update 7/2015 *** There is a queen sized bed in the unit (replaces the sofa bed) This is a private space, so anything in the unit you're able to use. I live in the unit above, and won't be in your space at all as the two units have separate entrances. The best way to get a hold of me during your stay will be on my phone. There is a park right outside the door, and incredible views of Mt. Rainier to the south if it happens to be a nice day. Chinatown is a short walk away for ethnic food as well. The #7 bus line is right outside the door and several other lines are within walking distance.Comfortable 8 room 100 year old 2 story house,  modern kitchen and baths, in a diverse, friendly neighborhood 10 minutes from downtown, near parks and Lake Washington,  On a quiet street with transit options nearby.. Great gardens back and front too. Older, attractive, solar powered house in modernizing, diverse neighborhood, 2 miles from downtown and sports stadiums. Grocery, restaurants, coffee shop within 8 minute walk.  Full access to house, garden and driveway. Washer and dryer in basement. We'll be away the entire time. Great neighbors, who watch out for each other. easy access to several urban centers with a range of stores, restaurants and other services.  Starbucks is on the corner of 23rd and Jackson. There is an amazing Ethiopian restaurant in Promenade shopping center south of Starbucks in an east African specialty shop.  Good Italian, French and a new cafe/restaurant up on the ridge on 31st and Day/Atlantic streets. Other good restaurants in Madrona around 34th and Union aBeautiful freestanding townhome in Judkins Park/Mt Baker area of Seattle.  Close to I-90, 520 and Rapid Light transit., University of Washington, Capital Hill, Swedish Hospital, Fred Hutch Cancer Research, Quest and Safeco Fields.  Quiet.  Sit outside in the quiet back yard.  Go for a run in the Arboretum, or along Lake Washington in nearby Leshi, or a $10 cab ride to downtown.  You can also walk 1 block to catch the bus  to nearby ball stadiums.  Nice fenced back yard for a BBQ. Hardwood floors, fully furnished, luxury linens, flat screen TV's, fully stocked kitchen that also includes gas stove, automatic icemaker, including wine fridge.  Luxury linens for all beds.  2 larger bedrooms with Queen beds, and a smaller bedroom/den with a comfy queen futon.  Single car garage.  Storage shed for additional storage.  Completely move-in ready. Also available for Monthly Rental for $3,900 per month.This is a 1000 + square foot store front loft space with free on-street parking. Very quiet and convenient to everything. One bedroom with super comfortable bed, plus a comfortable futon bed and a huge sectional. Walking distance to downtown. Wifi.  Our home features 12 foot ceilings, a spacious open floor plan, a back yard with views of downtown. Beautifully decorated and cozy feeling lots of light and an electric fireplace to keep the mood light. Free wifi, free on-street parking directly in front of the house. Very secure. In a great neighborhood, walking distance to downtown and multiple bus lines, 15 -20 minutes from the airport, one block from "mountain to sound" walking trail. You can use whatever we have! French press or pour through porcelain coffee maker, blendtec blender for juicing, wifi, piano, basic spices, coffee filters, etc. Let us know what you'll need! We will be out of the country during this time. We will coordinate with you through our house-sitter.. Our home is lLovely cabin surrounded by bamboo, vaulted ceilings, hardwood floors, loft, queen bed, full kitchen, and patio; sleeps 4! Centrally located! A great place to stay while seeing the sites and the beauty of Seattle! Chinatown, Pioneer Square, both stadiums, Amtrak and light rail only a 15 minute walk away!! Large cozy, open space with sleeping loft, queen size (real) bed, full kitchen, and breakfast bar. Front door opens onto bricked patio, surrounded by bamboo, pleasant spot to hang out when weather permits!  The cabin is privately located in the back yard of this city lot. Your host's house is located in front. It is within walking distance to many local cafes, Chinatown, and Historic Pioneer Square. Birds and squirrels make  their home in the surrounding garden. Guests will have complete privacy with coffee, and some breakfast item to start their day, provided by their host! They will have access to the yard and patios. They will enter from the street; my house is at the front of the lOur 3BR/3.5BA house in a quiet residential neighborhood is close to all transit lines, the shops and restaurants of Capitol Hill, and CenturyLink Field. Enjoy lots of privacy only minutes away from all the fun and entertainment of downtown Seattle! Sports fans, families, and artists alike will love our 3BR/3.5BA house in the Central District! Downtown Seattle is just a couple miles away, and is easily accessible thanks to our proximity to transit lines. And CenturyLink Field is only minutes from our door. The Central District neighborhood is also close to Capitol Hill, the hip, artistic center of Seattle! Grab a drink in one of Capitol Hill's many watering holes, chow down on delicious cuisine, then finish off with a cappuccino from a local café.  All just a quick hop away on transit.  INSIDE THE HOUSE Our house comfortably accommodates up to 9 guests between 3 bedrooms:  Two in each bedroom, one on the couch in the living room and two more on the airbed in the living room. Both the maAwesome 1BD Condo near downtown Seattle and within walking distance to both Safeco Field and CenturyLink! Only 5 minutes away from Capitol Hill and just steps from Seattle's International District/Chinatown. Great Seattle location on the bus line to Downtown and Capitol Hill! Walking distance to stadiums and just steps away from Seattle's Chinatown/International District. Free street parking. Newer construction, building was completed in 2010. Unit includes: Full kitchen, washer, dryer, smart TV w/ Netflix, and portable air conditioning (during warmer months). Guests will be provided with clean linens (sheets and towels) and have access to plates, pots/pans, and a variety of spices and cooking utensils. I'll be available by email (or phone/text if we're in the country) for any questions during your stay. Please keep in mind responses may be delayed depending on where I am at while you're staying in our home. We often travel to Thailand which is 14 hours ahead of Seattle time! Located iWhy pay for hotel suite when you can enjoy a private studio suite a stone's throw from CenturyLink Field & downtown? This safe and efficient studio has all the amenities to make an enjoyable and comfortable stay. Private bath and entrance. Safe and Private Townhome located at end of private alley.  Guests have full access to studio. Available to handle any core needs and questions about the city. Neighborhood is close to downtown, Capital Hill, International District, and a short drive to Bellevue. The #7 bus line is a short walk.Built in 2015.  Convenient to City - 10 min to downtown by direct bus line on the corner!  Enjoy sunshine from lots of big windows. Dedicated bathroom. This is listing for the second room of my home. For entire house and/or reviews, please see: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/6990882 For each rooms - Master room: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7093738 Second master room: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7093910 Second room: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7093986 Features:  - On 3rd floor.  - Brand-new queen size bed with memory form mattress  - Walk-in closet.  - Full dedicated bathroom next door. Below is description of common area:  - 65" LED TV plus dedicated PC and printer for guest use.  - Quartz counter top on cabinets and island.  - Nice wooden 8' table from Restoration Hardware which can host 8+ people.  - Most-comfortable-ever motorized sectional (has 4 recliners). Pretty sure you don't want to go to bed :) Your room on 3rd floor is yours. You have common access to the living area on 2ndThis space can accommodate guests wanting access to a nice kitchen and space to relax, small gatherings, parties, celebrations, photo shoots, meetings, etc.  Close to Capitol Hill, stadiums, ID, Pike Place, downtown, Seattle Center,and Pioneer Square We just completed a full build out of the space last year and use it as our home/office.  Guests have used the kitchen to enjoy local delicacies after a long day of touring our beautiful city, to host small gatherings such as birthdays and receptions, as a photography studio, as a space to write a book, as a space to get ready for weddings, as a wedding venue, and as a space to kick back and relax. Features include an 8' conference/dining table that seats 8 very comfortably, a 5'x5' island with seating for 6, a king bed, a super comfortable full pull out couch, a claw foot tub for soaking, and because it is our home-everything you could want to cook. Note that we do NOT have a television-but we have super fast Internet. We are on the grounGracious 1927 historic home, on a generous lot with gardens. An urban farmhouse - with room to host boisterous dinners, gather with friends, or relax after a day in the city. Walkscore of 80, half a block from extensive parks, on the bicycle trail! This home was formerly executive housing for Gai's Bakery.There are gorgeous historic details, including built-in cabinetry, coved ceilings, and arts and crafts fireplace, and formal entry - which makes a great place to drink morning coffee or a glass of wine as the sun sets.  There are 2,000 SF of living space, and a 6,000 SF lot. The floors are brand new refinished, and more furniture is on the way, so there may be some updates from the photos.  We're high up on the hill, so the house gets amazing light at all times of the day. Please note that there are two formal bedrooms. We can accommodate more guests with a lovely queen mattress, which we can set up in advance, in a lovely, sunlit bedroom upstairs if you let us know in advance! You'llI'm an engineer and recently moved to Seattle. I have a second bedroom with attached private bathroom available. The apartment is new and very clean. Street parking available and bus stop is only 50 ft away. Also, FREE Keurig coffee is available! Although the apartment has 2 bedrooms, only one bedroom will be available. Feel free to use the kitchen and living room. I will provide keys and a fob that will give access to building and apartment. Guest can access all common areas including the kitchen. patio, washer/dryer, and living room. Feel free to help yourself to Keurig coffee as well. I'm not there usually during the day because of work but will be home at nights. Always willing to help any way I can. The bus stop is right in front of the building and downtown is only 2 miles away.located right on Judkins Park with plenty of parking. located only minutes from downtown Seattle, highways, public  transportation, Capitol Hill.  Full bathroom, small kitchen with small fridge, double stove coffee maker and microwave. 60" tv, WiFi Our house is located few minutes from down town Seattle, 10 minutes walking from the beautiful lake Washington and surrounded by parks and trails.  Public transportation is right around the corner and if you have a car there is plenty of parking spots in the park's lot. Guests will have their own key to a separate entrance. We live upstairs but unless you really want us to, we won't interrupt in any way. We will be available for you all the time via phone/email/text  This unique 1900s style home is within walking distance to Chinatown, Historic Pioneer Square, Downtown Seattle & the famous Pike Place Market. It is near the light rail and Amtrak (15-20 walk) and many local cafes and shops. Street parking is free and available! Hardwood floors, a "real" bed, high ceilings with picture railing and original wood framed windows and doors.There is a desk, plenty of light from two windows and a 3-way standing lamp. It's quiet, and private. Room is right next to bathroom and kitchen. The bedroom is normal size, comfortable for 1 or 2 people. Kitchen amenities: your host will be glad to provide breakfast of yogurt, fruit or scone, and you can always count on a cup of French Press coffee.. Bathroom, beautifully refinished with claw foot tub, and shower next to private room. As a host I will be glad to interact, answer questions, and make your stay in my home as comfortable as possible. Also, my assistant host (Nick) is at your disposal. He is more than williWe call our space our little tree house. About 800sqft, this quiet duplex home is located in Seattle's "Judkins Park".  Street Parking available. It has 2 bedrooms each with a queen bed. One bath and a living room with a futon that pulls out into a full size bed. Not right in the heart of everything but so close to everything you need..and just minutes away from downtown! Quiet and comfortable. Fully stocked Kitchen, Bathroom, Internet. Plenty of towels, sheets, pillows, bedding.  There will be not much interaction unless you would like. Most often I will be out of town and you will let yourself in and out.  Up and coming neighborhood with a coffee shop about 2 min walking, a bike shop and Artist Lofts. Judkin's Park Playfield and skatepark, dog park and tennis courts all 5 min walking.  Uber App for cabbing is amazing and cheap! Bus route #7 & #43 about 2 min walking takes you right downtown, as well as, connects to Capitol Hill. Walk 15 min to the stadiums and the International DistrHey there. I live in Seattle, very close to Downtown. I have one room mate in a 2 bedroom apartment. I am often out of town and my room is available for rent. Free wifi, easy parking, next to the International District and a downtown by bus or cab. I am an avid graffiti art collector; have pieces from many of the best know NW artists. I am also an arcade collector. The current game in my apartment is a Asteroids. The apartment is shared with my room mate, and I work from my office in the living room, but the room is entirely yours during the duration of your stay. The bed in the rented room is queen size. There are 2 couches in the living room for the 3rd and 4th guest to crash on. I am super flexible for check in and check out. The back yard and patio is great for hanging out and having a BBQ if you are so inclined. You can also hang out in the living room and use the kitchen, everyone is very friendly. Guests have access to fridge, kitchen, living room and my decent sized movie colle5 - Star Built Green in 2010. Rooftop deck views of Mt. Rainier and Seattle skyline. Exclusive and private use of the entire 1st floor which includes the guest bedroom, restroom, lounge area, and your own temperature control by radiant heating. Guests at the Norman will enjoy the privacy and exclusive use of the entire 1st floor including your own temperature control that warms the floor with radiant heating. - Entire 1st floor is for your exclusive and private use: bedroom, restroom, and lounge area.  - 3rd floor living area and kitchen - Rooftop deck The Norman is located in the Central District neighborhood of Seattle. Both I-5 and I-90 are 3 minutes away. 15 minute drive to Bellevue or Issaquah. 25 minute drive to Redmond or Kirkland. Walking distance to the International District, street car, and all major bus lines. 10 minute taxi ride to Capitol Hill or downtown.  From Sea-Tac International Airport,  20 minute drive or 45 minutes by taking the light rail to Mt. Baker and the No.I will be out of town and have a bedroom with attached private bathroom/kitchen/living room available. The apartment is new and very clean. Street parking available and bus stop is only 50 ft away. Also, FREE Keurig coffee is available!Secure building and studio with privacy, amenities and parking. Clean, bright, comfortable, with wifi, memory foam mattress and pillows. Walking distance to Capitol Hill, Seattle U, International District. Close to downtown, Beacon Hill, bus and trolley lines to/from SeaTac airport, University of WA, and many other prime Seattle areas. Bright, open, comfortable, private and secure. Lovely small kitchen, washer and dryer, dual shower head and beautiful atmosphere. Complimentary ORCA card during your stay for bus lines, trolley, light rail or ferries. This is a brand new studio unit with all amenities inside. Code access for both front door and unit. AirBnB only, unless there is an emergency. Easy access to the city. Comfortable and bright new studio in a clean, quiet, and secure building. "Close to everything." Public transportation, downtown, International District, Pike place, Capitol Hill, etc. We have three cars available for rent: Mini Cooper- Black $39 day Toyota Yaris Black $30 dArchitect designed, 2 bed, 2 bath, 3 floor townhome in vibrant urban setting. Spa-like master bath with deep Zuma soaking tub and heated floors. Gourmet kitchen open to living area. Community courtyard, yet lots of privacy. 1200 sq ft of bright, open space built in 2010.  Queen size bed in master bedroom comfortably sleeps two.  Full size pull-out bed with upgraded (i.e. very comfortable) AirDream mattress in spare bedroom sleeps two snugly or one comfortably. All 3 floors and 1200 sq ft are open to you! - Free wifi (Gigabit fiber) throughout Fully-equipped, gourmet kitchen: - Electrolux range and convection gas oven + warming drawer - Microwave - Coffee/espresso maker - Hot water kettle - Dishwasher - Deep sink with disposal - Plates, glasses, and silverware for 6+ people - Four-stool eating bar opposite stove - Hardwood floors Master bedroom: - Queen bed - Door to covered deck for morning coffee - Master bath includes large glass enclosed shower plus separate Zuma soaking tub and heaThis three bedroom, two bathroom home is convenient to many popular Seattle destinations! The Space Our home is a modern, urban dwelling with city skyline views located in central Seattle. It has three bedrooms and 2 1/2 bath with a king bed, a queen bed and a double bed to accommodate 6+. There is also an additional office space with beautiful views over-looking the city and a full soaking tub in the Master bath. It is equipped with a nicely sized modern kitchen and a gas stove. This is a wonderful place to call home during your time in Seattle. With a light and airy feel, lots of windows and modern furnishings, including a turntable with a great select collection of vintage vinyl for you to enjoy, a gas fireplace for added coziness on a cold evening and an AppleTV equipped flat-screen in the living room for movie entertainment. This home has everything you need for a complete Seattle experience.  City Flavor We are conveniently located close to major tourist attractions including botLocated in a quiet residential neighborhood close to International District/Downtown/Capitol Hill. A private room with an en-suite bathroom is available in a contemporary home. You will have a private bedroom with an ensuite full bathroom (toilet, shower, and bathtub) located on the top floor of a three-story home.  The room comes with a queen-size bed (firm mattress), a sofa, a desk & chairs, and a walk-in closet with hangers. The bathroom amenities include bath towels, hand towels, wash towels, shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel, cotton pads, cotton swabs, hair brush, hair comb, blow dryer, and contact lens case. In summer, your room has a floor standing oscillating fan. The sofa can be converted into a double-size bed (50 x 77 inches) to accommodate 3 or 4 guests. You may also want to consider booking another room on the second floor in the same house for more comfortable space. You can find the listing, "Private Room/Bath in Modern Home #2", from my profile page. Wi-Fi is availabStay with us!!! You will love it:)House is 2 miles from city center.  Private large room with closet, comfortable king size bed.  Self check-in and check-out, no meeting with host. Free WIFI + laundry. Street Parking. House is two-level.  Your room is private with lock.  Access from a separate entrance from backyard door.   Keys stored in combination lock for self check in and check out, no need to meet with host.   Instruction will be provided 4 days within arrival.   Host lives upstairs for emergency needs. Free WIFI and free laundry.  Please note that bathroom is shared with other guests from 3 other rooms. Kitchen is basic, but functional.  No living room.   Street Parking.  Backyard parking for load and unload only.   If you arrive earlier than your check in time (3PM),  luggages can be self stored in locked storage room next to house (will send lock combination upon request) and you can access bathroom and shower in common area. Next to park,  jogging and biking trail. House is 2 miles east of Seattle downtown (POne well-furnished private room is available in a great location within walking distance of downtown Seattle and Capitol Hill. Anyone looking for clean, comfortable accommodation in a peaceful, friendly neighborhood yet within easy reach of all the action will feel instantly at home in this Shangri-La. This well-maintained family home offers two rooms that are ideal for a single person or a couple wanting to rent space in a pleasant, safe neighborhood. The house is exceptionally light and bright with wood flooring and tasteful décor throughout. Each private room has a comfortable bed and everything you need to call this space home. A work desk is provided, making this an ideal choice for students, tourists and anyone working in downtown Seattle or at the Sea-Tac Airport. Long or short-stay visitors are warmly welcomed and the home is very family-friendly. Laura makes a warm and friendly hostess and provides a healthy breakfast daily in the very affordable room rate. There is a local grModern and green built home just a few minutes from downtown Seattle. A 3 story home with two bedrooms. We have all of the amenities you will need, and proximity to great shopping, cafes, and restaurants. We are near interstate 90 and interstate 5. Cable Internet Fire pit Balcony for outdoor space We are available all day, and we will have a house manager here in the neighborhood of any maintenance concerns come up. We are directly across the street from a great park, and a lovely coffee shop is a block away. We are a twenty minute walk to Capitol Hill. We are just steps from a bus stop, and we are a ten minute drive to downtown.Hi! Our apartment comfortably accommodates 2 people. It is minutes away from Downtown Seattle, the International District and Capitol Hill. There is also ample parking outside our place if you decide to rent a car. You will have the entire apartment to yourself! However the closet in the master bedroom is off limits as we need a place to store our stuff during your stay. We will most likely be traveling during your stay so email will be the best way to contact us with any questions. You can also text/call me on my cell, but depending on where I am at there may be limited reception. We will be using Key Cafe to get you our keys. You will be responsible for picking them up and dropping them off to a local cafe about 5 mins away from our apartments. There is a Starbucks, Red Apple Grocery and convenient store across the street. Taking an uber downtown will cost you between $6-12 depending on the time of day.  You can also take on of the many bus lines around our area. It will take about 1This is a sweet 1 bed room mother in law suite attached to another home. Its modern and has great amenities. Cozy one bed room unit  ***We require ALL guests staying to individually register after booking approval prior to check in to communicate full guidelines on space. This is a fully furnished 1 bedroom Suite Mother In law unit built next two a two story house, open shower, wide doors and layout for mobility.  It is separate and private from our home and sleeps 6 people super snug. 4 comfortable and 2 guests super comfortable. 1 Queen Bed in room  1 Queen Pull out bed in living room. 1 Queen Air mattress. This is a newer construction unit. The unit has it's own keyless entry. The Suite consists of a living room area with a queen size pull out bed  Flat screen HD TV  *(Cable & Wifi is complimentary & Not Guaranteed) HD cable w/ On Demand  Fast Comcast Internet Wifi A fully stocked kitchen with glasses, plates and cooking utensils Large bathroom w/ Heat lamp, Large walk in shower. (NOut your front door is the heart and soul of Seattle's Downtown Pike Place neighborhood, complete with infinite restaurants, shops, art, music, coffee, and nightlife. Great for exploring Pike Place, the shopping district, and the Waterfront. This beautiful new high rise studio is in the heart of it all. Located 1 block from Pike Place market, the waterfront, and some amazing restaurants.  There is a 40 inch tv, internet, washer and dryer, pots and pans, dishwasher, and more.  Brand new furniture will be moved into the unit late January, and pictures of the studio will be updated. You will have access to the amazing rooftop which oversees all of Seattle's waterfront. Also you can use the gym, theater, and other amentities. A day before check-in I will contact you about arrival time and key hand off.  The night before check-out date, I will contact you regarding check-out time and key. I am open to all forms of communication. Preferably AirBnb messaging, texting or email. Feel free to meThis cozy apartment is stocked with all the amenities, high-speed internet, and Netflix streaming. Great location: 1 block from Pike Place Market, 3 blocks from Westlake Center (light rail to SeaTac airport), and a great view. This studio apartment features living room space with bed, kitchen, bathroom, and closet-space. Though the apartment is small, it's in a fantastic location and has a nice view of Seattle (including the waterfront.) There's also a large grocery & department store 1 block away. You get the  apartment to yourself, and have full access to:  - A Full-sized bed (54 in × 75 in). - High-speed internet (Wireless Wi-Fi, or you can connect your device directly to the modem.)  - A flat-screen TV with Netflix streaming (account provided), a Roku (with apps such as Amazon video and youtube), and a clock/radio.  - Kitchen with refrigerator, stove/oven, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, electric kettle, cookware, and dishes.  - Bathroom with full bathtub/shower, hairdryer, and aThe Marketside Flats is a fantastic home base for your perfect Seattle vacation!    This unit features 1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, Cable TV, Free Wifi, and sleeps 2 adults. LOCATED RIGHT NEXT TO PIKE PLACE MARKET!!! You can have it all during your stay at the amazing Marketside Flats property, located in the heart of downtown Seattle! Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities. The Marketside Flats is a fantastic home base for your perfect Seattle location! The Marketside Flats property is centrally located at the intersection of Union St. and Western Ave. Everything you need is within walking distance and Seattle's excellent public transit makes it easy to explore all of the city's wonderful neighborhoods. Marketside Flats: -1 bedroom with a queen bed and a click-clack sleeper -1 bathroom with shower -Sleeps 2 adults -450 square feet Parking: -No parking is provided by Stay Alfred, but several public parking options My spacious & private downtown Seattle condo is your new urban home away from home. Located at historic Pike Place Market you will have access to everything the city has to offer. I hope this is a good place for you to make the most of your trip.  This large 2 bed 2 bath condo with floor-to-ceiling windows has been my home for over 5 years and I love it! While your bedroom and bathroom are private, the living area is shared. Your bedroom is spacious, clean and has a comfortable queen size bed along with a dresser for your stay. I work hard to keep the place clean and tidy, but since I live here it won't be perfect or spotless - please be understanding. Featuring a massive, and private, 500 sqf deck with 270 degree views of Puget Sound, the Olympic Mountains and downtown Seattle. It's a corner unit on the first residential floor, so my condo has the largest PRIVATE deck and view in the area. Pictures of the view were taken by me from the deck. You will have access to the entire condo, oPost Alley Court offers amazing views of Elliott Bay from both a private patio and several rooftop decks; watch the ferries come and go on Puget Sound. This centrally located unit has 1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, and Sleeps 4. Water views from balcony, only 1/2 block to Pike Place market!!!! Our Post Alley Court vacation rental has amazing views of Elliott Bay. Guests can see these views from their private patio or one of the rooftop decks and watch the ferries come and go on Puget Sound. Your Seattle vacation rental also provides dynamic views of bustling downtown Seattle and the picturesque Olympic mountains.   Perfect Location... Your downtown Seattle rental is a one bedroom, one bathroom solace from the rest of the world. It's beautifully furnished to meet all of your needs while you are away from home. Listening to Puget Sound will lull you to a peaceful place and after a ½ block walk you will find yourself amidst the hustle and bustle of Pike Place Market. Post Alley is centrally locatOne block from Pike Place Market, the best of Seattle's downtown is at your fingertips in the beautiful Harbor Steps apartments. This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, is Family Friendly and Handicap Accessible, and Sleeps 6. UNIT HAS BEEN RENOVATED! UPDATED PICS COMING SOON! 2 BLOCKS TO PIKE PLACE MARKET AND 1/2 BLOCK TO WATER AND PIERS!!! Live like a local during your stay at the amazing Harbor Steps property located in the heart of downtown Seattle! You'll be a couple blocks away from the famous Pike Place Market and right in the middle of all the action. Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities! The Harbor Steps property is located on First avenue, between Seneca and University in the Belltown neighborhood, two blocks from Seattle Waterfront. The property is an easy trip from SEA-TAC airport by car and rail. Harbor Steps: -2 bedrooms with a king bed and a queen bed, and either a pull-out sofa or 2 rollawOur centrally located Seattle hostel is famous for it's social atmosphere, comfortable beds, spacious bathrooms, endless hot water, and clean rooms. We've refined the hostel experience by providing free breakfast and a number of fun events! Conveniently located at First Avenue and Pike Street, right across the street from the famous Pike Place Market. The elegantly restored Elliot Hotel Building, now home to the Green Tortoise Hostel, boasts 30 newly-remodeled bunk rooms. The beautiful historical building has plenty of modern charms too, including: semi-private Mediteranian style tile bathrooms, modern kitchen and large common areas. Each bunk has a reading lamp, small fan, four point power outlet, privacy curtains, and storage locker. Our reception and facilities are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, so you'll always have access to everything including our common area and kitchen! We pride ourselves on being Seattle's most social hostel. We have plenty of events to Seattle experience to remember.   23rd Flr, 1 blk to Pike Place Market. 1600 sq ft.  Elegant, lux 2 Qn bedrooms and 2.25 bath. Walnut hardwoods, marble baths (soaking tub/shower for two). Why beg a hotel to upgrade you to a some kind of view? Max Occupancy 4.  Not appropriate for more. Clean, NW themed, luxurious and modern condo in Heart of the City.  Hardwood throughout, balcony, Carrara marble bath with shower for two and soaking tub. Lutron lighting. Granite countertops, sub zero refrigerator, microwave, Keurig, NEST thermostats etc Parking in Building for guest of one week or more. Gym.   I would recommend a day pass at Seattle Athletic Club block away.  Washington Athletic Club is excellent also but six blocks of exercise away. All of Seattle.   Pike Place Market, Downtown, Shopping, Waterfront, Belltown, Seattle Center, EMP, Space Needle, Gardens of Glass, South Lake Union, Pioneer Square..............all within walking distance. PLEASE see HOUSE MANUAL on AirBnB site.   I try tRight next to Pike Place Market with a water view.  One bedroom with a queen bed, a pullout sofa, and a separated nook with a queen size bed and a view of the waterfront and ferris wheel.  There is also a free parking space across the street. Right in the middle of Pike Place Market, walking distance to all major site seeing places. Most probably I will not be there to greet you but you have full access to me by phone call or text.  Anytime of the day it doesn't matter if you have a concern I will address it ASAP. Pikes place market is a few steps out the back entrance, you have a view of the ferris wheel and can walk to the waterfront and pier to get ferries.  The top floor rooftop is a great place to BBQ or enjoy a good book, going out of that entrance you are right across the street from SAM Seattle art museum. This is place is walking distance to all major site seeing places.  You can even walk to get a monorail that takes you to the space needle.  There is a link rail that drops y- Netflix - 1 block from Pike Place Market - 1 mile from Space Needle - 1 mile from CenturyLink Field/Safeco Field (Seahawks/Mariners) - 5 blocks from Link Light Rail (direct link to Sea-Tac Airport) - 1 block from Seattle Art Museum - Downtown Seattle - 1 block from Pike Place Market - 1 block from Waterfront - 1 block from Aquarium - 1 block from Great Wheel - 1 mile from Space Needle - 5 blocks from Washington State Convention Center (Comicon) - 1 mile from CenturyLink Field/Safeco Field (Seahawks/Mariners) - 5 blocks from Link Light Rail (Light Rail goes directly to Sea-Tac Airport) - Modern, clean, and upgraded -New Floors - Rooftop Terrace - Queen Bed - Modern bathroom - Personal heating You will have access to your unit as well was the rooftop area. There is a buzz-in system so you can get into building without having to pick up the keys, which can be very convenient. If you're traveling to Seattle, this is exactly where you want to be. Just about everything you need is within wOur centrally located Seattle hostel is famous for it's social atmosphere, comfortable beds, spacious bathrooms, endless hot water, and clean rooms. We've refined the hostel experience by providing free breakfast and a number of fun events!BRAND NEW!! Stay downtown in the best location you're going to find! Parking included (huge expense downtown and most others charge for it). Adjacent to Pike Place market, the Seattle waterfront, and so much more.Visiting Seattle? You have found a home. With a contemporary flair at the heart of downtown Seattle, you will enjoy your stay at this apartment with fabulous views of Seattle surroundings and walking distance to everything. Spacious studio in downtown Seattle(1st Avenue) with a patio and views of Elliot bay with designated bedroom area, full kitchen including cookware/eating utensil, floor to ceiling windows, 12 feet ceiling, closet space,universal AUX plug in, Wifi, Smart TV w/ Netflix, washer/dryer, towels, linen, shampoo/conditioner/soap, dishes available in unit. Paid parking garage, 24-hour gym, Heated pool, Jacuzzi & Courtyard. I live close by and can be reached by text anytime. I will meet up and/or just provide instructions to get the keys. I know the area very well and can answer questions you may have/offer suggestions. You can have as much or as little interaction with me - depends on you, just let me know. Walking distance to Pike Place market, Seattle Art Museum, WaterfronModern open style loft with exposed brick, 100 year old fir beams. Wood floors, heated tile bathroom floors, amazing kitchen.  Downtown, Just below Pike place market on the waterfront in the most urban and beautiful part of downtown Seattle. minimal, modern loft downtown seattle exposed brick wood floors heated bathroom tile subway tile kitchen convection oven You have access to the entire apt. Our things are in the closet, but I have created a small space to hang a few things near the washer / dryer. We are currently out of the country but feel free to email or text me! Downtown, across the street from Pike place market, on the waterfront in the most urban and beautiful part of downtown Seattle. Walking distance to the Sculpture Park, the Aquarium, downtown shopping, Pioneer Square, etc. Walking distance to majority of downtown. Ubers are great, the bus is okay. We have a parking space below the Apt.  The building is very safe, 2 entrance doors before our second floor unit.With a 100% Walk-Score, this spacious 1BD apartment is next to and has similar views as water view units at the four seasons, and is on Pike's Place Market, just a few blocks away from the top shopping areas and the convention center With a 100% Walk-Score, this spacious 1BD apartment is next to and has similar views as water view units at the four seasons, and is on Pike's Place Market, just a few blocks away from the top shopping areas and the convention center Our cool and comfortable apartment is on pike's place market, right next to the gum-wall, and just seconds away from all the downtown shopping, post alley, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the convention center.  - Scenic Views of Puget Sound and the ferris wheel - on Pike's Place Market - High Speed Internet - Flat Screen TV - Kitchen - Bedroom - Dining Table - Air Conditioning This is a great neighborhood. Key attractions and fun things to check out here include:  - Pike's Place Market - Downtown Seattle  - 1 block from Pike Place Market - 1 block from Waterfront - 1 mile from Space Needle - 1 mile from CenturyLink Field/Safeco Field (Seahawks/Mariners) - 5 blocks from Link Light Rail (direct link to Sea-Tac Airport) - Downtown Seattle - 1 block from Pike Place Market - 1 block from Waterfront - 1 block from Aquarium - 1 block from Great Wheel - 1 mile from Space Needle - 5 blocks from Washington State Convention Center (Comicon) - 1 mile from CenturyLink Field/Safeco Field (Seahawks/Mariners) - 5 blocks from Link Light Rail (Light Rail goes directly to Sea-Tac Airport) - Modern, clean, and upgraded - South facing window - 5000sqft Rooftop Terrace - Full Bed - Tall ceilings - Sliding doors around bedroom - Large, modern bathroom - Washer/Dryer - Dishwasher  - Gas range stove - Personal heating Chaise Lounge Couch can sleep a third person You will have access to your unit as well was the rooftop area. There is a buzz-in system so you can get into building without haviModern European style apartment in the heart of Seattle, short walk to pike place, the space needle, Seattle center, art museums, Elliot Bay and tons of delicious restaurants and bars! The apartment features a convenient Murphy bed, dishwasher, washer and dryer, balcony with views and roofdeck! My apartment has an open floor plan with wood floors and tons of natural light! The building is only a year old so everything is brand spanking new and user friendly . There is a comfy Murphy bed, couch bed for any extra guests a smart tv with Hulu and Netflix, washer and dryer, and beautiful kitchen for cooking in! Guests have access to the zipcars parked in front of the building (will have to pay and sign up independently), rooftop deck and barbecue and laundry on site I will mostly be checking in via call or text but will be there to greet you and show you around the apartment. Feel free to ask questions about the surrounding area and activities! The best part of my place is the location! It Stay downtown in the best location you're going to find! Parking included (huge expense downtown and most others charge for it). Adjacent to Pike Place market, the Seattle waterfront, and so much more. • You simply cannot find a better location, right next to Pike Place Market! • 1 block from the Waterfront boardwalk • Prime location for downtown shopping and exploring • Stunning rooftop patio with spectacular views adjacent to the Four Seasons Hotel • High quality Queen sized bed with plush pillow-top and premium 800 count linens • High quality Queen sized sleeper sofa with premium 800 count linens • 40' LCD HDTV • Samsung Blu-ray DVD Player with Web-Connected Apps such as Netflix and Pandora • In Unit Washer/Dryer Experience the heart and soul of Seattle in the Pike Place Market neighborhood from our top floor Puget Sound view unit! Just steps from entry to the country's most popular and unique historic public market, the waterfront boardwalk, historic Pioneer Square, Washington Ferr2 Bedroom just one block from Pike Place Market! Amazing views of the Puget Sound and the Space Needle from this cozy and modern apartment. Central to  Belltown, the shopping district, and financial district. You can walk or uber everywhere quickly! Modern and designer decorated 2BD/2BA apartment with panoramic views of the city skyline, Puget Sound and Lake Union. Thoughtfully decorated with attention to comfort and details. Air conditioning with separate controls in each room. Washer and dryer in the apartment for you to use. Rooftop deck with 360-degree views and lounge space. Gym with new equipment and yoga studio. As much or as little as you wish! One block walk to Pike Place Market for fresh flowers, seafood and groceries. A couple blocks to Belltown for endless choices of restaurants, lounges and bars. A couple blocks to Pacific Place Mall, Westlake Shopping Center and stores like Niketown, Forever 21, H&M, Louis Vuitton, etc. A couple blocks to Paramount Theater and 5th Avenue In the heart of downtown Seattle, just steps from Pike Place Market and the Seattle Waterfront. This apartment is a walker's paradise, and is conveniently located near shopping, dining and entertainment, with direct access to 1st & Union. > Downtown Seattle Apartment > Steps away from Pike Place Market  > 1 Block away from the Waterfront: Aquarium, Ferris Wheel, & Ferries > 1 Mile away from the Space Needle > 2 Blocks away from Link Light Rail:  Transportation to Sea-Tac Airport > 6 Blocks away from the Convention Center.  > Walk Score: 97 > Gym > Washer & Dryer > Rooftop as Shown It's downtown!  Need I say more? No need for a car unless you plan on leaving the city..and if so...there is a car rental just a few blocks away.Stay downtown in the best location you're going to find! Parking included (huge expense downtown and most others charge for it). Adjacent to Pike Place market, the Seattle waterfront, and so much more.This downtown apartment is located right in the heart of Seattle across the street from the famous Pike Place Market. You can't beat this location if you want to be in walking distance from all the cities main attractions You will be in the best location imaginable in Seattle.  Literally in the center of it all.  This cozy apartment captures the essence of living in Seattle. With a view on to 1st avenue and a gorgeous old Maple tree, you will be very comfortable in this stylish pied-a-terre. Kitchen fully equipped if you wish to cook, and you have every type of restaurant at your fingertips as well. One bedroom with Queen size memory foam mattress. One bathroom with shower (no tub). Full size mattress sofa bed. 465 Sq ft. with 11ft ceilings, open and spacious. Entire apartment is yours and is located on the 4th floor with elevator access. The coin operated washer & dryer is located on the 2nd floor. Your host, Kim, will be your personal concierge if you need recommendations on restauraEnjoy staying in Seattle's vibrant downtown district.  One block from Pike Place, waterfront, very close to Belltown restaurants, Pike/Pine shopping district, and Pioneer Square.  Includes balcony, free wifi, washer/dryer, full bathroom and kitchen. One block from Pike Place.  Vibrant, highly-sought surrounding neighborhood. Best restaurants in town. Designer furniture.  Easy parking nearby. Visit SAM, stadiums, EMP, Space Needle, Ferries, Market, Seattle Wheel, and Aquarium. My units are professionally managed and immaculately clean.  My streamlined check in process is faster than a hotel. This unit is free of personal clutter which makes thorough cleaning quick and easy for every new guest.  The cleaning staff uses antibacterial agents every turnaround.  The unit is spotless every time. This flat has a great location and comfortable but luxurious furnishings.  Light rail to airport makes transportation simple and quick without waiting in freeway traffic.  An amazing selection of barsThis property is available for stays of 29 days or less only.  Well, really cloud 2209, (as in unit 2209) but who's counting?  This amazing two bedroom, 1.75 bathroom condo will pamper you in luxury as you bask in the bird's eye view from the 22nd floor of this 24 story building.  Unimpeded views of Elliott Bay, Puget Sound, the Olympic Mountains, West Seattle and more from every room make this a quintessential Seattle residence.   Look down from your patio into the Pike Place Market.  Enjoy the "soul of Seattle" as your daily grocery store! Enjoy picked-that-morning produce, sustainable seafood and local delicacies.   You are steps from Benaroya Hall, the Seattle Art Museum, Seattle's shopping district and world class dining, just a couple of blocks from the Washington State Convention Center and Seattle's waterfront, and a mile from the Seattle Center and Space Needle.  A CityTarget is in the ground floor of this building, making quick snack runs or grabbing forgotten items quick andWonderful studio in the heart of downtown Seattle, just one block from the famous Pike Place Market & a couple of blocks from shopping & Space Needle access. The apartment is new, having been lived in for only a year. Luxury on the 21st floor. Amazing location, luxury finishes and epic views.This apartment is stocked with amenities, high-speed internet, and Netflix streaming. It's next to Pike Place Market with a view of the water, 4 blocks from Westlake Center (with Light Rail to SeaTac Airport), and 6 blocks from the Convention Center. This studio apartment features bedroom space with Queen-sized bed, living room space with Futon (can open into a second bed, Full-Sized) and large 50-inch Widescreen TV, kitchen, bathroom, in-room washer & dryer, and closet-space. It's in a fantastic location and has a great view of the Seattle waterfront and Ferris Wheel. There's also a large grocery/department store 1 block away. You get the apartment to yourself, and have full access to:  - A Queen-sized bed (60 in × 80 in).  - Futon couch, can be easily opened into a Full-sized bed. - All the bedding you need for both. - High-speed internet (Wireless Wi-Fi, or you can connect your device directly to the modem.)  - A 50-inch TV with Netflix streaming (account provided), with a Roku (witWelcome home! My job has me traveling often, but I want you to experience this beautiful space!  Only steps south of the Pike Place Market's retailers + restaurants, the entire city is at your door step while staying here! Easily walk to hundreds of restaurants, the Seattle Art Museum, + great shopping at retailers including Nordstrom, Macys,+ many more.  The Seattle waterfront is out your front door, + offers the aquarium, ferries + restaurants + more! This is a one bedroom apartment with a full kitchen, dining area + living room with an exquisite view! Best suited for two people, but there is space for a third on the couch as well as a full size air mattress. (Linens provided) You have access to the entire apartment, including a washer + dryer, two rooftop decks for lounging, one of which offers a BBQ, casual seating + unbelievable views of Elliott Bay + the Olympic Mountains! Please be discreet while a guest. Please NEVER, under any circumstances, contact management or maintenance wTreat yourself to this luxury penthouse condo immersed in unobstructed sweeping views of the the Puget Sound, Olympic Mountains, and downtown Seattle. This perch above Pike Place Market is simply the best of any VRBO to take in the beauty of the NW. This recently renovated penthouse was remodeled to create awe inspiring views.  One of the original bedrooms was removed in order to provide the unique encompassing city, water, & mountain vistas that are unrivaled in Seattle.  With over 1000 Sq Ft of living space and 2 bathrooms it still easily sleeps accommodates with King & Queen beds. This is a dedicated vacation rental designed to provide guests with memorable experiences while enjoying the best of Seattle. A fully stocked modern kitchen, designer furniture, high speed Internet, LED TVs, and professional design help to complete the luxury vacation experience. Please don't be discouraged by the lack of reviews. This is a brand new listing to AirBNB. The owner is a veteran of the hospitaAn entire house, close to everything, with fabulous views await you in one of Seattle's iconic neighborhoods. Steps from the lake, houseboats, nearby markets and restaurants. Recent remodel, 1 small bedroom with Full bed, low ceiling loft with Queen bed, Washer and dryer. Close to Amazon. Off street parking. Come and enjoy the beautiful, central neighborhood of Eastlake in your own, entire house!  The City Cabin was built in 1912 and is one of the last remaining "summer homes" along the shores of Lake Union. It is colorful, light, airy and full of character, and there are beautiful views from every seat in the house, including the front porch and patio. The kitchen was recently remodeled with subway tile, new gas range, refrigerator, and dishwasher, and it is fully stocked with dishes, pots, pans, utensils, a blender, toaster, microwave, coffee maker, and fresh, local coffee! The bathroom was also completely remodeled with a new tub, toilet, and vanity, and we supply lots of towels, a Newly renovated in Eastlake, this snug, 550 square foot 2BR, 1 bath, apartment is centrally located between downtown, Capitol Hill, and the U of Washington. Great nearby restaurants and coffee (Voxx). Lake Union is blocks away, minutes from Amazon. The apartment is small, but its open floor plan makes it large in function. The custom-built, handmade, generously sized table made from reclaimed Douglas Fir flanked by Emeco 111 Navy chairs make for a gracious dining or working experience, easily seating six. The living room features a large leather sofa and a complementary Keilhauer lounge chair designed by Austrian designers EOOS. The apartment features a Samsung 42-inch flat screen, HDTV with cable. There are cordless landlines, with free calls to the lower 48 states.   There are two modestly sized bedrooms, one with a queen-sized bed and smaller one with a full, both with 500-thread count cotton sheets.  The apartment features high standard professional cleaning, and duvet covers are aNestled in the heart of Seattle's lakefront community of Eastlake, this house is minutes from downtown, South Lake Union, Capitol Hill and the University District. Hardwood floors, clawfoot bathtub, dishwasher, wifi and a private deck/yard. Bright and cozy one bedroom 1920's house with hardwoods and old world charm throughout. Plenty of windows full the space with light but the house provides plenty of privacy. Sliding glass doors open to a private deck and garden. Two off street parking spots available as well as free washer and dryer for long term bookings. The kitchen has a coffee maker, full sized refrigerator/freezer, four burner electric stove and oven and a full supply of glasses, mugs, silverware and dish ware. The full bathroom has a claw foot bathtub and shower. The house comfortably fits two people on a queen sized bed but in addition, you could use space in the living room to sleep another two people on my queen sized blow up mattress. All of the amenities in the house(soapThe Sky Cabin is a stunning, bright, and beautiful apartment with incredible views. The windows looking out to Lake Union, the 13 ft. ceilings, warm birch paneling, master bedroom, luxurious bathroom, deck, and "yoga" room make it hard to leave! Welcome to our light and airy "Sky Cabin" in the heart of the city and overlooking Lake Union, where the film Sleepless in Seattle was made. The 700 sq. ft. Sky Cabin, ideal for two people, is a separate apartment on the top floor of our three story house built in 1912, but the Sky Cabin itself was added on only six years ago. It has cork floors and warm, birch wood paneling, making it feel like a cabin in the sky. The wall of windows faces West with views onto Lake Union, the Olympic Mountains, and even a small view of the Space Needle. There is a master bedroom, a large bathroom with three shower heads and a heated tile floor, an open living space/kitchen with 13 ft. tall cathedral ceilings, and another small room for doing yoga, exercising, This is a tastefully and simply furnished one-bedroom apartment in a Spanish Deco building, looking out over red clay roofs and Lake Union. Great neighborhood, great views. Close to UW, downtown, Cap Hill, and a short walk to kayak rentals! Old-world charm doesn't have to be stuffy and awkward. This apartment has beautiful details, rounded edges, and a view to make you smile. There is one bedroom with a queen bed, so it's ideal for a single traveler or a couple. There is an air mattress in case someone wants to sleep in the living room. The space is set up as a vacation rental. There are nice amenities, but it's not cluttered with my stuff. You are welcome to play the piano or the guitars, use the stereo and turntable, and I'll even leave an easel and some drawing paper if you feel you might be inspired! You are free to contact me any time with questions. If you need help in person, you will have contact info for my assistant who is nearby. Eastlake is like a laid-back beach town with A 1 bedroom top floor flat with deck and amazing views in the heart of Eastlake neighborhood. Cafes, restaurants, and market right outside all within walking distance. Conveniently located near bus stops for downtown, cap hill, & university. Ideal for a visit to Seattle. The place is an open and simple top floor flat.  Highlight is the deck with views of Seattle skyline, Space Needle, Lake Union, and the mountains.  In the heart of Eastlake with shops, coffee, and restaurants right outside. I may be able to do 1 night stays if availability allows. Feel free to ask. Entire flat. Will be out of town, but reachable via phone and email if there's any issues. Bus routes are within a block walking distance away. These will take you directly to downtown in 20 minutes and north to Fremont/University. Easy connection from Seatac airport link in downtown to bus routes here. Uber to airport runs $30-$40. Uber rides to Cap Hill, Downtown, Fremont, Lower Queen Anne, Bell Town all $6-$10. Guest parkThis one bedroom basement apartment is in one of Seattle's historic homes and was once the practice studio for many of Seattle's Grunge Bands. It is walking distance to restaurants, bars, parks, Lake Union and it's minutes to downtown, Capital Hill, U District & South Lake Union. Plenty of public transportation options. Location, location, location. Arrival: Please come to the front of the house (unless we have made other arrangements). You can knock on the door, call or text. We will show you to the apartment. We have two small dogs who like to bark when people arrive.  PLEASE SHUT GATES BEHIND YOU. Parking: There is street parking in front of the house and for a 25.00 deposit will give you our guest zone parking pass and the money will be retuned when you return the zone pass. Laundry: We have a laundry room in the back of the house. Please ask for the key.  Garden Space: you are welcome to share the front garden patio. Please call or text us if you need anything or have questions.  GORGEOUS EASTLAKE APARTMENT OVERLOOKING LAKE UNION, QUEEN ANNE, GASWORKS PARK, SPACE NEEDLE, AND DOWNTOWN! SITUATED ONLY 10 MIN TO U DISTRICT, AND CAPITOL HILL. SIT ON THE BALCONY AND ENJOY WATCHING THE SEAPLANES OR WALK DOWN TO LAKE UNION. Amazing view apartment with tons of natural light. Have a cup of coffee/tea while watching the seaplanes take-off and land or watch the sunset over the Olympic Mountains while enjoying a glass of wine! Central location on a tree-lined cobblestone street with 5 different bus lines. Only 2 blocks away from coffee shops, restaurants, and bars. Beautiful park right across the street and another one only 2 blocks away. Easy access to to I-5 freeway with multiple bus lines to Downtown, U-District, and Capitol HillSingle entry, split level, condo offers easy access to local dining and transportation. Less than ten minutes from downtown. Street parking available (zone pass provided). This truly is more of a home than an apartment. It's a corner unit in a brick building with only 5 other units. I personally love the single entrance. You will be only a short bus, uber, or car ride from downtown...or enjoy the stroll weather permitting. Full access to my home, key for laundry and garage access on request (it's a very tight fit I'll give you a guest zone parking pass for street parking). Hulu, Netflix, Amazon prime in the bedroom. A projector screen downstairs for DVDs. I'm working on getting it set up for online streaming. Give me a heads up and I am all yours! Though I'll happily just stay out of your way as well. I can meet for a key exchange before 2:00 most days but I can make other arrangements. I've been a resident of Seattle since 2000. I have been in this space for five years now and it's thSimple place with great view of the trees, lake and mountains. And the sail boats! Just around the block is a Starbucks, Louisa's Cafe and various Restaurants! Walk the neighborhood; family friendly tree lined street with a "play park ". Quiet, private apartment with balcony awaits you as I travel. One bedroom, Queen size bed, Cable TV and internet.  You will be comfortable, safe and in the middle of all that Seattle has to offer.  The apartment is right in the Eastlake area and close to downtown, Eastlake, great restaurants, bars, boating, kayaking and Night Life at South Lake Union! Yoga studio just across the street as well as Starbucks for coffee out and delicious gourmet Cafe," Louisa's".  Also just eight blocks south of University of WA. Also Capitol Hill, famed for Art Cinema, excellent restaurants, bars, cafes, book shops, Gay Pride, beautiful Volunteer parks with Solarium and garden walks.   I am looking for a quiet traveler who loves to visit.  Yoga students, Meditators, ForeThis one-bedroom townhouse is located halfway between Lake Union and Eastlake Ave. It is walking distance to bars, restaurants, coffee shops and a grocery store. Home is neat and tidy, full kitchen, washer/dryer, 1 queen bed + couch.  Our little home is located halfway between Eastlake Ave and the shore of Lake Union. It is walking distance from a variety of restaurants, coffee shops, bars and markets and easy access to downtown via a direct bus or car. Built in the 1930s, we have embraced the character of our home with a combination of vintage and modern decor. The kitchen features an electric stovetop and oven, microwave, refrigerator/freezer, sink and dishwasher. The bathroom is newly renovated with a bathtub/shower. The bedroom offers a queen size memory foam mattress with a nightstand on both sides. The living space includes a full length couch than can comfortably sleep an individual. We are happy to provide bedding for the couch. There are many restaurants up and down Eastlake AModern, clean 1BR in Seattle's hip Eastlake, with easy access to Capitol Hill, Downtown, the UW and South Lake Union. Cafes and restaurants will surround you, and Lake Union's historic houseboat community is a stone's throw away. Minutes from Amazon. This recently renovated, 500 square foot unit features thoughtful design, deluxe bedding and a high-end stacking washer/dryer.  High end furnishings include Keilhauer leather sofa and Juxta chairs. Location, Location, Location!  Walk to great cafes, restaurants and Lake Union! Ample public transportation (Metro) is a few blocks away! Wi-Fi Comcast Cable 40 inch Sony Large Flat Screen TV Washer Dryer Coffee machine Coffee grinder Hand blown Murano glass Italian light fixture1BR apartment blocks away from Lake Union. Comfortably sleeps three and is centrally located in the peaceful Eastlake neighborhood. Enjoy a fun-filled weekend in the heart of Seattle with easy access to Capitol Hill, the U-District, and Downtown. Spacious, light-filled 700 sq ft 1-bedroom apartment in the quiet, convenient Eastlake neighborhood. The unit is located just a few short blocks from Lake Union and has a great view of the Space Needle and the lake. Two nearby bus lines (66 & 70) run directly between Downtown and the University of Washington. The route is also walkable (25 mins) and bikable (5-10 mins). A private parking space is available upon request.  Eastlake is a quiet neighborhood in the heart of Seattle, offering quick access to all of Seattle's different boroughs. Eastlake is also home to Seattle's highest concentration of houseboats. Excellent neighborhood restaurants include Serafina, Blind Pig Bistro, and Hiroshi's Sushi. There are also bars (Cicchetti, Pazzo's, TheRecently renovated 2BR, centrally located between downtown, Capitol Hill, and the UW. Walk to Lake Union, houseboats, restaurants and coffee shops. Fully equipped kitchen.  Balcony with a little view of the Space Needle. Amazon is a few minutes away. Tasteful and high quality furnishings and finishes, thoughtful design, high standard professional cleaning and convenient location. Wi-Fi Free calls within the lower 48 states Huge flat screen TV with many channels (Comcast Cable) Washer Dryer in unit Toaster Capresso Burr Coffee Grinder 5-Speed Electric Hand Mixer Kitchen fully outfitted with silverware, dishes, knives, pots and pans. Bella 12-Cup Coffee Maker Chemex Electric Hot Water Kettle We aim to respond to guest messages as promptly as possible, and are easily reached via phone, text and email. Blocks away from Lake Union, a stone's throw from some of the city's most wonderful restaurants (Serafina), coffeehouses (VOXX) and speciality stores (Pete's) Great access to nearby public bA drop of peace between two busy centers, this condo is a short walk from UW, and a brief Bus or car ride downtown. The spacious, 1927 building overlooks Portage Bay, the 1930's New Deal charm of the University Bridge – and the beautiful UW skyline. Two wonderful bed options - an organic latex, cotton, and wool mattress in the bedroom, and a memory foam daybed in the living room. Guests are welcome to access the whole condo, including back patio, and (paid) laundry room. If I can, I'd love to meet with you when you arrive. If not, a friend or my younger brother will do so. I'm happy to make recommendations, am knowledgeable about the surrounding area, and, if time allows, very happy to grab a drink with you. Several bus lines are within easy walking distance, both to Downtown, to northgate if needed, and to Capitol Hill.Just 2 blocks from lake union, this 2 bedroom condo provides a beautiful escape from downtown Seattle but close enough to enjoy all that every neighborhood in Seattle has to offer.  Updated options in every aspect of the property and extremely clean. There is parking spot available and additional parking on the street.This apt has everything you can ask for: great location ~2 miles from downtown, great access to public transportation (bus, trail, highway), great view on space needle skyline and lake union and mountains, quiet and safe neighborhood, yet short distance from capital hill, lots of attraction at walking distance: MOHAI, boat tours, sea plane tours, UW, restaurants and dive bars. This apt has everything you can ask for: great location ~2 miles from downtown, great access to public transportation (bus, trail, highway), great view on space needle skyline and lake union and mountains, quiet and safe neighborhood, yet short distance from capital hill, lots of attraction at walking distance: MOHAI, boat tours, sea plane tours, UW, restaurants and dive bars. This is a 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apt. You will be sleeping on the futon in the living room and have access to one of the bathroom all the common areas. I can make myself available upon request. I will share my cel number with you. Eastlake isPrivate SANCTUARY. 2 rms, 400 sf. CAVE like with cooking area & bathroom. Used for Reiki Healing Sessions & Meditation. This fully furnished crash pad is Centrally Located on the main bus lines & only a few min.s drive or bicycle to UW or Seattle. Visitors Welcome to Seattle! This is my Private 400 sf. 2 room plus bathroom sanctuary. Used for Reiki healing sessions, reading, studying, and meditation. A vortex of Tranquility... Glass block window only (little natural light) Peaceful. This unique crash pad is centrally located – on the main bus lines and Pronto bicycles, only a few minutes drive from downtown. Fully furnished. Accommodates 2 Adults nicely. Five total guests possible with floor sleeping (1 queen air mattress and the massage table for a small individual)This is a Peaceful space with private entry & a 2 room suite. Firm Queen Memory foam platform bed in room of it's own, hot shower, cooking area is a small counter top which includes Microwave, dishes ,utensils, crock pot, hHello and welcome to Seattle.  Eastlake is the best neighborhood in town! We are walking distance from great restaurants, lake union and the houseboats; plus we are situated right between Downtown, Capital Hill and the University District. The space is a mother-in-law apartment and we live upstairs.  It is super cozy, just let me know if you need anything to make your stay more comfortable! Your apartment includes a mudroom, bathroom, full kitchen, living area and bedroom. There is a flat screen TV, no cable television, but equipped with Apple TV installed where you can watch your favorite shows on Hulu/Nexflix. Washer/ Dryer available upon request! The apartment has a private entrance on the side of the house. Weather permitting- you are invited for sunset and amazing views of the city and lake from the upper deck! We live upstair and are always available via phone or email! Eastlake is famous for the amazing lake views and houseboats. Eastlake has numerous amazing coffee shops, posh Located in Eastlake, close to Fred Hutchinson,  University of Washington, Amazon, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, PATH and street car to downtown Seattle. Lovely location, across the street from Lake Union, view of Space Needle. Great Eastlake location. Cozy room with southern exposure, peek-a-boo view of downtown Seattle. Bathroom with shower, full closet, desk and WIFI. Private room and bath on second floor, up a flight of stairs. Access to kitchen, living areas and street parking.  Owners and owner's super cute dog onsite, mostly mornings and evenings. Dog is hypoallergenic. Restaurants, Lake Union, views of the city and Space Needle. Metro bus routes 2 blocks away. Street car close by.  Property has a pool that's warm between July - Sept. Otherwise wet suits recommended. Private room and bath on second floor, up a flight of stairs. Access to kitchen, living areas and street parking. Owners and owner's super cute dog onsite, mostly mornings and evenings. Dog is hypoallergenic. RestPrivate top floor bedroom with attached private bathroom in a 1999-built townhouse. Clean, warm and bright, window plus skylight. 'Full'-sized bed, attached closet. Near bus lines, easy access, small markets and cafes nearby. This is a cozy 1999 townhouse on a quiet side street one block off of Eastlake Avenue, which quickly transports you to South Lake Union, Downtown, or the University District. Owner-occupied, with a bright top-level spare bedroom and private attached bathroom. There is a full kitchen available plus a washer & dryer. I (Justin) will be around most mornings and evenings to chat and will be available to help. You may also encounter guests or couch surfers whom I occasionally host in a downstairs bedroom. Eastlake is perfectly situation between Downtown, South Lake Union, Capitol Hill, and the University District. Transportation is easy and there are a couple of good small markets and cafes within a few blocks of the house. Bus lines pass by within two blocks of here, This apt has everything you can ask for: great location ~2 miles from downtown, great access to public transportation (bus, trail, highway), great view on space needle skyline and lake union and mountains, quiet and safe neighborhood, yet short distance from capital hill, lots of attraction at walking distance: MOHAI, boat tours, sea plane tours, UW, restaurants and dive bars. This apt has everything you can ask for: great location ~2 miles from downtown, great access to public transportation (bus, trail, highway), great view on space needle skyline and lake union and mountains, quiet and safe neighborhood, yet short distance from capital hill, lots of attraction at walking distance: MOHAI, boat tours, sea plane tours, UW, restaurants and dive bars. This is a 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apt. While I am not around, I list the apt in this listing, so you will have access to second bedroom, second bathroom, and all the common areas. I can make myself available upon request. I will share my cel nOur quiet, comfortable and cheerfully decorated 1 bedroom Garden Apartment is located in the lovely, central neighborhood of Eastlake and can accommodate 2 people.  We provide towels, sheets, a fully stocked kitchen, and everything you might need to feel at home. The garden, the lake views, and easy access by bus or car to Downtown, South Lake Union, and the University make this a beautiful and convenient home away from home.  Must be at least 23 years of age, no pets, no drugs, and no smoking. This lovely apartment opens onto the garden of our 3 story house located in the Eastlake neighborhood, with views onto the lake used in the film Sleepless in Seattle. The bedroom has a queen size bed, a comfortable chair for reading or looking out onto the lake, a walk-in closet, a desk, and a sliding glass door that leads to a patio where you can sit and enjoy the garden, the birds, and the view. The living room has a chair for lounging, a table for eating, and a couch for  looking out the windThis apt has everything you can ask for: great location ~2 miles from downtown, great access to public transportation (bus, trail, highway), great view on space needle skyline and lake union and mountains, quiet and safe neighborhood, yet short distance from capital hill, lots of attraction at walking distance: MOHAI, boat tours, sea plane tours, UW, restaurants and dive bars. This apt has everything you can ask for: great location ~2 miles from downtown, great access to public transportation (bus, trail, highway), great view on space needle skyline and lake union and mountains, quiet and safe neighborhood, yet short distance from capital hill, lots of attraction at walking distance: MOHAI, boat tours, sea plane tours, UW, restaurants and dive bars. This is a 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apt. You will have access to second bedroom, second bathroom, and all the common areas. I will stay in the first bedroom which has access to its own separate bathroom. I can make myself available upon request.Magical two story Restored Carriage House...A wonderful place for enjoying your time in Seattle. Part rustic hunting lodge - part romantic cabin. Private, classy, fun and in a great city location!  Comfortable and well equipped for all of your needs. Hansel and Gretel meet Restoration Hardware in this magical, two-story carriage house!  Situated at the intersections of Capitol Hill, Eastlake and Portage Bay neighborhoods which are very central to all Seattle has to offer and a really cool area to call home while you explore Seattle and really get a sense of enjoying city life. Families will love the separate spaces on the top floor and main floor, hidden nooks,  shelves and shelves of games and toys for ALL ages, guys will love the rustic and comfortable features and women will love the careful attention to every detail.  Totally refinished with all modern amenities including Rinnai water heater(never out), gas range, stainless steel appliances, air conditioning, stereo system, high spPrivate top floor master bedroom in 1999-built townhome with attached private bathroom, city and lake views. Clean, warm and bright, queen-sized bed. Near bus lines, easy access, small markets and cafes nearby. This is a cozy 1999 townhouse on a quiet side street one block off of Eastlake Avenue, which quickly transports you to South Lake Union, Downtown, or the University District. Eastlake is perfectly situation between Downtown, South Lake Union, Capitol Hill, and the University District. Transportation is easy and there are a couple of good small markets and cafes within a few blocks of the house. Bus lines pass by within two blocks of here, 5-10 minutes to South Lake Union, Downtown, or the University District.If you want to be close to the action in Seattle, but prefer a quieter place to sleep, you will love Eastlake! The apartment is 2 bedroom 2 bathroom, with 1 bed/bath available completely for the guest(s). Quiet dogs allowed  More detail in photos! You will have access to whole apartment except for master bedroom. Your access includes living/dining room, kitchen, bathroom with shower, and coin-op laundry. I can give advice for the city and places to go, but won't be around to entertain as I'm busy with work. Eastlake is somewhat of a hidden gem inside urban Seattle! Near downtown, Capitol Hill, University of Washington, and blocks from Lake Union. Runners/walkers/bikers will love the 6 mile trail around Lake Union. Parking is a little difficult (zone for overnight), but there is some availability nearby. Bus to downtown and north Seattle are one block away! Storage for bikes available, up to 2 indoors.Located on Eastlake Ave. E. Walking distance to restaurants, coffee shops, and parks.  A few blocks from Lake Union and a couple miles from downtown with many bus-lines.  Hardwood floors, full bathroom, and kitchen with regular appliances (Keurig). Please feel free to email me at any time to help make your stay more pleasurable. Near downtown Seattle with easy access to I-5.  A few blocks from Lake Union and an excellent brunch spot right next door (Louisa's).  Starbucks is right across the street. :) On street parking and located on major bus lines. Street parking is available.  The fire extinguisher is kept under the kitchen sink.!Now with improved response times! Unit with amazing views of downtown seattle and lake union (see in pics). Excellent location close to downtown, capitol hill, SLU and the university of Washington. Clean, modern interiors. Parking available.This studio is in a great new building in Eastlake, which is in the center of Seattle midway between areas such as Capitol Hill, downtown, Ballard, and Fremont. Amenities include rooftop deck with grill and a full gym. This apartment is located in Eastlake, which is a more mellow area of the city. It is close to more lively areas such as Fremont and Capitol Hill (5-10 minute drive, or a short bus ride). I will email you a complete guide to Seattle (even if you don't rent my apartment, feel free to ask for the guide--it's great!). As you can see in the photographs, it is a studio apartment but plenty of room for 2 guests to be comfortable. If you want to squeeze in 1-2 more guests it is possible, but just let me know in advance. If you feel like spending time inside, I have a 42 inch television with netflix as well as an Xbox One with 2 controllers and a few games. There is a key fob that will grant access to all parts of the building, including the rooftop deck and the full gym. AmenitGorgeous one bedroom in prime location. It is a sweet spot! NO shoes (hopeful), pets or smoking on property. 1 block from major bus lines. I prefer 2 nights unless stated. Super Clean- lots of light and by the lake. I do have an abundance of health and healing books and gorgeous plant life.   Only the apartment.  No laundry as it is a building security issue.  I will have interaction with guests and my brother lives in the building to help with keys and questions.  quiet yet right downtown.  on the lake with full sunsets- when there is sun haha.  Close to most major bus lines. I will ask for you to water my plants maybe.  They will love you back. Coming to Seattle for a Summer Visit? We are located in the heart of the city -- park once (for free) & walk, transit, or rideshare anywhere! 90 sec from I-5 & 5 min to I-90 & SR520.  Marijuana is legal in WA, so feel free to enjoy yourself! Bright, spacious room in a 2 bedroom home shared by a couple in their early 30's. Big, comfortable queen-sized bed with brand new linens and your own flatscreen TV with premium cable package and OnDemand. Guests have full access to the entire home including the fully stocked kitchen, the private garden patio (with peek-a-boo Space Needle views), and the stacked washer/dryer. Breakfast items are included with your stay. We will be home primarily in the early evenings and are happy to sit and chat or feel free to keep to yourself. We are both working professionals and this is a busy season for both of us so you will likely have the place to yourself most of the time. Eastlake is the home to Seattle's iconic floating homes as well as a neighborhood knChill Place in Eastlake.  The is comfy, full size,  mattress, private 1 bedroom.    Eastlake is easy access to all of Seattle; bus or walk to downtown, Cap hill, and the U-district.  I am happy to give you suggestions for cool stuff to do. A nicely kept space in Eastlake.  Full of light and easy to get anywhere in the city. You will have full access to the apartment.  There is street parking and usually a spot in our lot. River and I are happy to chat and give you suggestions to enjoy your stay in beautiful Seattle. Eastlake and all of Seattle is very walkable.  Food, pubs, and small grocery in a few blocks.  Capital Hill is an easy mile or so walk. You can catch the 25, 70, and 71 with in 2 blocks.  Buses to Capital Hill, just up the Howe street steps, two blocks up hill. The bedroom comes will pillow, sheet, blankets.  I have a towel for each guest.  This beautiful, modern home features stainless steel appliances, hardwood floors and a private rooftop deck with unprecedented views of Lake Union. The rooftop is fully furnished with an outdoor kitchen. Perfect for groups looking to explore the PNW! Conveniently located off I-5 and has a private garage. My home has sweeping views of Lake Union, downtown Seattle and the mountains. It's a great way to see all of Seattle's best views from one convenient location. Guests have access to the entire home. There are 2 bedrooms on the guest floor and 1 master bedroom with a king sized bed and en suite bathroom. The living room features enough seating for up to 14 people. Stainless steel appliances, outdoor kitchen on rooftop and private garage. The Eastlake neighborhood is a quiet, residential neighborhood just minutes from Pike Place Market. Neighborhood features cute coffee shops, bars and a restaurants. Whole Foods is just a 5 minute drive away. Eastlake is adjacent to Lake Union - the homeThe place is located in Eastlake, a little neighborhood between downtown, capitol hill and the u-district. Within walking distance, great sushi, mexican, local cusine and a french bakery. Bus stop and bike rental on same block. Huge covered outside.. Newly remodeled 1 bedroom with Queen size bed and lots of natural light. Small kitchen and living room. There is a huge completely covered outside area with gas grill. The space comfortably sleeps two. The entire space is private and is only used by the guest at the time. Mi casa su casa. Obey general noise and safety regulations.  Seattle is 420 friendly, but no smoking inside. Enjoy! I am available on my cell and mostly in Seattle working, but only show guests the accommodation and answer question if needed. Great food, all neighborhood restaurants are worth while including the bakery. This comes from a bit a critic. Easy to get around to everywhere in town, lots of street parking around. Safe neighborhood with nice walking and biking opThis is a fantastic vintage studio apartment with tons of light and a gorgeous view of Lake Union. It's super close to bars, restaurants, stores, and more. It's just a hop and a skip away from both downtown/Central District and Capitol Hill in the extremely bikeable Eastlake neighborhood of Seattle. Street parking is very easy to find as well! :) Basic kitchen items, queen sized bed and bathroom linens, and charming furniture will be made available to you for use while in this space. The entire studio apartment will be yours for the duration of your stay! As a Seattle native, I can offer some travel tips and tricks to navigate the city efficiently and make the most of your time here, however I will not be present in the apartment while you are there. Eastlake is an amazing, up and coming neighborhood in Seattle as it is just the right distance away from all of the best things the city has to offer! In less than ten minutes you could get to the heart of downtown, the busy bars and clubsConveniently located, modern apartment with high ceilings, hardwood floors, peek-a-boo views of the Space Needle, full kitchen with stainless steel appliances, washer and dryer. Foam pad available for one extra person to crash on the floor if needed. I am usually close by if you need anything during your stay. Easy access to almost anywhere in the city, downtown, Capitol Hill, U-district, freeway access, 520. Walking distance to parks, restaurants, museum, Lake Union. Block in a half away from bus lines. Only street in Eastlake that doesn't have zoned parking!! If your driving feel free to park anywhere you can find. During the week 9-5 everyone who works in the neighborhood knows about this secret parking spot, but after 5 and weekends ample parking.Welcome to Seattle! AMENITIES You will find a cozy and quiet private room and bath with a separate basement entrance just steps from Lake Union.    A comfortable queen bed, WIFI, TV/Movies, washer-dryer access, microwave, mini-fridge and coffee maker make this a small home away from home.   Relax in a serene setting, opening into a beautiful back garden with a BBQ, outdoor fireplace,  dining area, and plenty of nooks to read and restore.   LOCATION We are one block from Lake Union in the Eastlake neighborhood; close to UW, Capitol Hill, Amazon, and downtown Seattle.  Buses here run about every 15 minutes and will take you to all major city attractions.   Street parking is also available with our guest pass.  A short 3 block stroll will bring you to restaurants ranging from pizza to local organic, coffee shops, specialty grocery stores, Yoga, massage, and hair/nail salons.   ENVIRONS The neighborhood is an urban mix of old craftsman homes, houseboats, and modern architecture with a handIn-City 180º Views Walk Bike to Amazon (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) Microsoft (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) Gates This is not my main site so all of my reviews are on another popular site with a familiar acronym but if I post it here, it will get blocked: All on one level, spacious, art-filled & exquisitely furnished 2 bedroom (1 loft w/sofabed), 1 bathroom home in triplex featuring floor to ceiling windows overlooking 180º views of Olympic Mountains, Lake Union and Downtown Seattle. Soaring 11' ceilings with windows and/or glass doors on 3 sides. Watch  and the most amazing sunsets, seaplanes taking off/landing amongst crew races, fire boats and Duck Dodge. Watch 4th of July fireworks right in front of your windows as well as New Year's Eve fireworks from the Space Needle. Private deck surrounded by beautifully landscaped grounds. Walnut floors, tiled kitchen and bathroom. Washer & Dryer in basement. Centrally located for easy access to I-5, I-90, South Lake Union, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HII have a spare room with a queen size bed. I live in Eastlake just a couple miles north of downtown Seattle and a few blocks from Lake Union. The room does face Eastlake so expect some noise from passing traffic. Private bed and bathroom. Access to shared living room, kitchen, and dining room. I will generally be present during your stay. Our interaction depends on you! I'm happy to share my space but understand if you prefer to stay in your room. I prefer stays of 5 days or less. Very safe neighborhood. We are a couple blocks off of I-5, very easy to get in and out of the neighborhood. There are many great restaurants/bars within walking distance: Blind Pig Bistro, Babirusa, Zoo Tavern, 14 Carrot Café, Serafina's, Pazzo's Pizza, Mammoth, Voxx Coffee, Starbucks, Louisa's Café Bakery & Bar, Grand Central Bakery and many more. Easy access to I-5 if you've got your own transportation. Many bus routes stop within few block radius quickly connect you to the University District and major hubConveniently located, modern apartment with carpeted floors, full kitchen with microwave, washer and dryer. California King Bed full bathroom, Flat Screen TV, high speed internet and Apple TV. Ample street parking. Near major bus line to get around all of Seattle and a few blocks away from the South Lake Union Trolley.Fully furnished, luxurious 1 BD suite with a BBQ garden/patio CENTRAL TO ALL. Best location, easy parking, all extras included! Elegant & modern property with luxurious furniture and appliances. Guest have called it "better than the W 4 star hotel!"  EXCELLENT LOCATION MEANS FREEDOM IN SEATTLE This contemporary suite is just 2 blocks from South Lake Union, a 5-minute commute to the heart of Seattle and a 5-minute commute to the University district. Take mesmerizing lake stroll to South Lake Union restaurants or to Gasworks Park. Get the benefits of living on the edge of downtown Seattle without the city hustle and bustle while experiencing the serenity of South Lake Union.  Apartment has an independent, private entrance. Guest have accès to a fully equipt    gourmet kitchen, laundry and drier, high speed internet and cable TV plus a private garden patio with dining table and BBQ.  As homeowners we like to provide the best care for our tenants. We can communicate via phone, text or emaiEnjoy being close to everything in Seattle! Whether you are traveling by car, bus, bike, or foot.  Free breakfast/coffee, computer use and Netflix, and paddle board usage in Summer months.We love our condo! It has a central location, it's modern designer decor, and great for two people. Eastlake is a transient neighborhood with great places to walk, eat and drink. Visit Seattle anytime of the year! Enjoy our modern condo and the incredible views of Lake Union, Gas Works park, the Olympic mountains, the Space Needle, and a number of other neighborhoods. We have an unobstructed view of Lake Union and perfect for New Years and Fourth of July fireworks!  We have a large one-bedroom with a queen size bed, and a roomy living/dining area; great for entertaining!  Modern and new appliances. 650 square feet. We enjoy watching the boats, kayaks, sea planes and more on Lake Union in front of Gas Works Park. During the holidays, the condo has an amazing view of the Fireworks show on Lake Union.  Our building has one of the best views in the city!  It is located roughly between downtown and the University of Washington, along the edge of lake Union, in the historic Eastlake neighborGreat location on this lower floor unit of a 1904 Craftsman Style Duplex where Capitol Hill meets Eastlake. With beautiful views of Lake Union this fully furnished two bedroom space is ideal for group stays or family accommodations. This classic home in Eastlake is the perfect place for an extended stay, family vacation or weekend escape.  2 bedrooms with 2 beds and 1 large couch, 1 bathroom, and a fully furnished space.  Free parking makes renting or bringing a car easy! I am also located only a few meters from bus routes, so transportation is a cinch. Both units have digital locks on their front doors in addition to the main entry. Please do not bother the other unit or attempt to go into the basement. We can interact as much or as little as you like.  I've lived in Seattle my whole life and know all the best places and the best things to do in Seattle. Eastlake and Capitol Hill have many great restaurants, quaint houseboats, delicious diners and  some really fun bars and pubs.  The Unbeatable location in a brand new building! Space Needle, EMP Museum, & Pacific Science Center are across the street. Pike Place market is a quick walk. Countless bars and restaurants are steps away. The building's rooftop terrace has amazing views. Classy and comfortable apartment in a building that just opened! You will have access to the full unit, as well as the building's rooftop terrace (grills, bocce ball, and amazing views). Walk Score = 95! Space Needle, museums, bars, restaurants, and markets are steps away. This area is easy to navigate by foot, bike, or car.Come explore Seattle! Private room/den with full size IKEA bed in tidy bohemian/mid-century apartment in desirable lower Queen Anne neighborhood. Location is perfect to easily experience Seattle. Walk/Bike to major sights, surrounding neighborhoods. Free street parking. Bus two blocks away. Younger & International travelers welcome! My home is in a vintage brick apartment building, it is comfortable, has walls full of art and is very organized. The building is located in the sought after Lower Queen Anne, just on the edge of downtown next to the space needle. Location is a little over one mile from City Center & Pike Place. Dining, grocery, coffee shops within 3 blocks. Easily access major sights, nightlife, waterfront, festivals. Experienced hostel/shared space travelers will appreciate the privacy of the space in this shared apartment setting. You will have the privacy of your own room in a shared apartment with host only, there will only be one booking at a time.  Private room: Den Situated on the entire top floor of a newly-built boutique building in the heart of South Lake Union and Amazon headquarters, this Penthouse apartment is the envy of Seattle. Wrap around deck and roof deck look toward Lake Union. Live it up here! This building is special. Situated atop an art studio dedicated to large scale works of art, the residences support the mission of Mad Art. The other 11 residences are lofts, but the Penthouse tops them all. Nearly 1800 square feet (167 meters square) of interior space plus a wrap-around deck, the 2 bedroom, 2 bath Penthouse designed by Graham Baba is a work of art. Polished concrete floors throughout, white oak cabinetry and built-ins, blacked steel wall accents, exposed steel structure, natural fir ceiling and exquisite bath and kitchen fixtures express a wholly Northwest material palette. WiFi throughout serving WaveG 1GB internet speeds, DirectTV with expansive channel lineup and 4k TV. You have the run of the place! You'll notice which cl1br/1b apartment in the heart of Seattle's eastlake area.  Close to transit/10 minute ride to downtown and walking distance to great restaurants. Off street parking in the back.  Perfect for New Years Eve, with a view of the Space Needle!!!This apartment is in the newly renovated Alley 24 apartment complex, in South Lake Union - the heart of the city. It is a 10 minute walk downtown, 20 minute walk to Pike Place Market, and a 15 minute walk to the trendy Capitol Hill Neighborhood! This is a cozy "open 1 bedroom" which means the bedroom is separate from the living room and kitchen, but there is no bedroom door. It has a full kitchen, a living room with a comfy couch and cable TV, a large closet and bathroom, and an outdoor patio. The complex also has a rooftop deck that guests can access, as well as a gym! The place is fully stocked to meet any travelers needs! Guests will be able to access the full apartment, the rooftop deck, the patio, and the gym in the building. Guests will be provided 1 key fob, which gives them access to the both the building itself and the actual apartment. Guests will be greeted by me, who will let you in and give you they key and show you around the apartment. Otherwise, I'm available if needed Amazing 950 square foot loft, walking distance to Whole Foods, Seattle's coolest neighborhoods and lots of upscale restaurants and bars.Chic open 1queen bed/1ba. +washer, dryer, dishwasher, TV, xbox, record player, pullout sofa for guests3+4. The building boasts 2 rooftop decks, grills, a pool table, a media room, a life-sized chess board. SLU is FUN! In the middle of all the action. SLU is in the middle of the city, in between all the other fun neighborhoods (cap hill, fremont, wallingford, ballard, downtown, belltown). With REI 2 blocks away, it feels youthful and vibrant, and active. Full of food trucks by day, with a ton of fun bars/restaurants/coffee shops within walking distance (Bravehorse, Cuoco, Republic, Portage Bay, Nollies, Vivace to name a small handful of fun places.) Walkable, busable, easy street parking (metered)This cozy studio is situated right in the heart of Eastlake, 2 blocks from Lake Union, and walking distance from many of Seattle's main attractions. Chill neighborhood with good eats and bars; Cap Hill, University District and Queen Anne are super close. Cozy space with everything you need, including Paddington, my orange tabby. Your own private entrance! I will typically be in the area unless otherwise stated. If you have questions about Seattle, etc during your stay, I'd be happy to help out. Eastlake is bustling with new neighborhood restaurants and bars. Eastlake Zoo, Babirusa and most recently Mammoth are fun places to eat/drink. Louisa's is amazing for brunch, and Little Water Cantina has ridiculously good guacamole and the best view of Lake Union.  Local public docks along Lake Union are within walking distance so there's plenty of chill spots to swim and hang out. Enjoy! The studio is across the street from the 66/70 route Garfield St stop. These will take you north towards theThe perfect AirBnb for youthful, social, & considerate travelers that want to meet true Seattleites. The most fun, affordable, and conveniently located space in Seattle; equipped with a theater, gym, and 6 rooftops. Airbnb hosts make or break a place, right? Well you're in luck because You'll have 2 lovely roommates! One male, one female, both in their early twenties, and both from Honolulu, HI. Amazon has taken over South Lake Union, so yes, there will lots of blue badges (what we call Amazon workers) everywhere. The neighbourhood is in the perfect location - smack dab in the middle of Seattle.  There are also dogs everywhere. So if you're allergic... bring lots of benadryl! South Lake Union is filled with really great pubs, eateries, and earthy foods. We have every food imaginable. If you want a modernized, yet true to Seattle experience, this is your spot. Otherwise for more of you hipsters, you'll want to try Ballard or Fremont. There's public transportation everywhere, but my roomModern luxury apartment just a few minutes walk from Downtown Seattle, Amazon offices and Capitol Hill. Right next to Whole Foods and close to many restaurants, Seattle Center and Lake Union. Cute, modern, fun apartment: Air Conditioning  Wireless Internet Connection Kitchen Necessities  Dining table Washer/Dryer The entire apartment is yours. Also you have access to the lovely resident lounge that has wi-fi, cable tv, pool table, sun deck with Space Needle view. There's also a roof-top with spectacular views. You can call or email if you have any issues. We can also help with recommendations on things to do in Seattle. There's paid street parking and lots of parking garages around the building. You can walk to Belltown, Capitol Hill, Pioneer Square and to the waterfront but if you want to take the bus or tram, the stops are across the street.Great location with  comfortable accommodations. Adorable doggy concierge (lol). Easy access to great sites, shopping, and eats! you will have occupy the master bedroom with attached private bathroom. You will have closet space provided in the shared master closet and access to the kitchen if needed. The apartment is at your access except for the guest room which belongs to my roommate. I am available as needed throughout your stay as I will be in the home during none work hours. The neighborhood is easily accessible to attractions here in the city as well as great eateries and downtown. Seattle is a drivers nightmare generally speaking. Public transportaion and Uber/Lyft are super affordable and quick in this area. their are two people living in the space myself (I will sleep in the living room on an air mattress) and my roommate who has a room of his ownOur condo is a newer condo in the heart of downtown Seattle minutes away from all the major tourist attractions (Pikes Place Market, the Space Needle, Gas works park, Pioneer Square and much more). It is a great place to stay and see everythingCentrally located private bedroom on the North side of Capitol Hill. Guests will have access to grocery stores, cafes, restaurants, bars, book stores, record shops, clothing stores, local Boutiques, vintage and consignment shops plus a handful of parks. Due to the central location,  it's a fifteen minute walk to Downtown and accessible to bus lines and city light rail. I live in the unit so anything you could possibly need don't be afraid to ask. Capitol Hill is a diverse neighborhood with anything you could possibly need within close proximity. 15 minutes walk to the light rail, bus lines (phone number hidden) and 47 are just minutes away.98 Walkscore unit on a high floor right downtown but close enough to south lake union. Conveniently located next to the downtown shopping, the heart of Amazon, Whole Foods, Republic, Portage Bay Cafe, Mistral Kitchen other awesome restaurants! *About the Neighborhood* The neighborhood is really fantastic. It's not just a cool street or a couple of revitalized blocks, either. At your doorstep are over 60 acres of strolling, kibitzing, spending, imbibing, working, slacking and well, living. Within steps of your front door is a nice sampling of what you can find throughout the neighborhood. - Portage Bay Cafe (2 blocks away, arguably the best brunch in Seattle) - Brave Horse Tavern (Fun Bar/restaurant) - Re:public (Fun Bar/restaurant) - Chipotle (1 block away, quick service restaurant with great burritos when on the go or in a hurry) - Mio Sushi - Whole Foods Market - Einstein Bagels - La Toscanella Bakery & Paninoteca - Bar Method (a popular body reshaping/sculpting workout class) GuestsBeautiful Quiet South Lake Union Suite. Located in the newly developed South Lake Union district right next to Amazon. Minutes from awesome restaurants, bars, cafes, and the flagship REI store.  About Me: Work for Amazon and am super nice and clean! Awesome 550ft apartment in the heart of South Lake Union. Great views and perfect location. Guests will have access to everything except personal items in my space. Kitchen, bed, workstations, etc. I like to get to know guests a bit before they stay. I'm happy to give you tips on where to go etc if you would like. Imagine waking up and looking out over Lake Union and the hilly Queen Anne neighbor hood while being in the fastest growing most hip neighborhood in Seattle.  South Lake Union is where Amazon is located so there are new restaurants, buildings and bars popping up everywhere. Visit Portage Bay for the best brunch in Seattle then in minutes walk up to Capital Hill for a cup of Joe. Later enjoy an amazing lunch at my favorite restaura- Vacation in a loft that has unobstructed views of the the Space Needle!  - Loft has over 1200 sq. ft. of open living, full gourmet kitchen with gas stove, an 8 person dining room table, air-conditioning, washer/dryer, a 40" flat screen TV (DirecTV, Netflix, Pandora, etc. ) including a gym and basketball court in the building.  - The loft has a Queen-size, super comfy bed with an amazing mattress, down comforter and pillows everywhere.  - Located right on the edge of downtown Seattle just steps from great restaurants, bars, nightlife and downtown shopping (botiques, Nordstrom, Macy's, Barneys, Marios, etc.). - Ride the Seattle Street Car to Lake Union to visit the Center for Wooden Boats or go the other way and it'll take you right into the heart of the shopping district. - Short walk to the Seattle Center, the Experience Music Project and Science Fiction Museum.  - One block from Banya5 Urban Spa, Acress the Street from Whole Foods, BeLuminous Yoga and a couple blocks from an amazing98 Walkscore Penthouse unit on the top floor, right downtown but with views of the lake from the left side of the balcony and cap hill straight ahead. Conveniently located next to the downtown shopping, the heart of Amazon and Whole FoodsCome visit this turn of the Century Apartment. Located in a quiet spot of downtown Seattle just minutes from Amazon and .5 mile away from most of what Seattle has to offer. Full use of Kitchen, Living room, High speed internet , etc. This is a very unique space. The apartment is located on the top floor of a three story building. There are views of the space needle from the living room. It is one block away from the light rail and a 10 min walk to Downtown Seattle or the Space (website hidden) is available if the weather turns hot. You will be given full access to the apartment. Feel free to use the condiments and fridge as you like. This is a 2 bedroom 1 bath. The second bedroom is not furnished yet. The apartment has community coin operated laundry that you will have access to. I will be around to answer any questions you have. This is a two bedroom so I will be splitting time between my place and my GF's. Im a 33 year old Seattle based photographer, easy going, and love meeting new This is the only mobile recording studio in the world, that takes place inside a school bus. Equipped with  2 mics, interface, 722 amp hours of electricity.    I am the creator, and host, Nicholas Alexander.  check out (EMAIL HIDDEN)98 Walkscore unit on a high floor right downtown but close enough to south lake union. Conveniently located next to the downtown shopping, the heart of Amazon, Whole Foods, Republic, Portage Bay Cafe, Mistral Kitchen other awesome restaurants! Other units in the same building:  https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/6913706 https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7840228 https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/9885225 *About the Neighborhood* The neighborhood is really fantastic. It's not just a cool street or a couple of revitalized blocks, either. At your doorstep are over 60 acres of strolling, kibitzing, spending, imbibing, working, slacking and well, living. Within steps of your front door is a nice sampling of what you can find throughout the neighborhood. - Portage Bay Cafe (2 blocks away, arguably the best brunch in Seattle) - Brave Horse Tavern (Fun Bar/restaurant) - Re:public (Fun Bar/restaurant) - Chipotle (1 block away, quick service restaurant with great burritos when on the go or in a hurry) - Mio SushiEnjoy views of the Space Needle from this west facing one bedroom condo unit. When not enjoying the view you're just a few blocks away from a ton of restaurants and bars. There's a secure garage if you have a car. Stunning views of Olympics, Puget Sound & Space Needle from bedroom, kitchen, living room.  The kitchen has stainless steel appliances, granite counters, and is fully stocked with stuff. There's also a little den area with built-in desk & cabinets. The bedroom has a walk-in closet. For your car with have secure underground parking. Perfect location: 4 blocks to lively Broadway or Pike/Pine, 3 blocks to I-5 & Microsoft buses, walking distance to Amazon. Seattle bus stop a block away. Great location! Elegant private room close to all amenities & transportation. Surrounded by Amazon buildings; 15 minute walk to Capitol Hill, Downtown, Queen Anne. Great for events hosted at the Seattle Convention Center. You have a full room available to you during your stay. Your room has a small desk, but feel free to explore our living room and kitchen. Be mindful of  other guests. They will be mindful of you. There is fruit and cereal you can enjoy if you are hungry. You have a full room available to you during your stay. Your room has a small desk, but feel free to explore our living room and kitchen. Be mindful of  other guests. They will be mindful of you. There is fruit and cereal you can enjoy if you are hungry. I am available over message on normal hours. I have put together a good set of recommendations that should get any traveler jump started in Seattle. I do not want me or my team to intrude nor be deficient on our engagement. We are flexible (EMAIL HIDDEN)ing soon! ComiSouth Lake Union is a modern, upscale area located very close to Seattle Downtown: It's a 10 min walk to downtown, 15 mins to Pike Place market, 20 min walk to the Space Needle. Great area to explore restaurants as well.98 Walkscore Penthouse unit on the top floor, right downtown but with views of the lake from the left side of the balcony and cap hill straight ahead. Conveniently located next to the downtown shopping, the heart of Amazon, Whole Foods, Republic, Portage Bay Cafe, Mistral Kitchen other awesome restaurants! *About the Neighborhood* The neighborhood is really fantastic. It's not just a cool street or a couple of revitalized blocks, either. At your doorstep are over 60 acres of strolling, kibitzing, spending, imbibing, working, slacking and well, living. Within steps of your front door is a nice sampling of what you can find throughout the neighborhood. - Portage Bay Cafe (2 blocks away, arguably the best brunch in Seattle) - Brave Horse Tavern (Fun Bar/restaurant) - Re:public (Fun Bar/restaurant) - Chipotle (1 block away, quick service restaurant with great burritos when on the go or in a hurry) - Mio Sushi - Whole Foods Market - Einstein Bagels - La Toscanella Bakery & Paninoteca - Bar Situated on the entire top floor of a newly-built boutique building in the heart of South Lake Union and Amazon headquarters, this Penthouse apartment is the envy of Seattle. Wrap around deck and roof deck look toward Lake Union. Live it up here! This building is special. Situated atop an art studio dedicated to large scale works, the residences support the mission of Mad Art. The other 11 residences are lofts, but the Penthouse tops them all. Nearly 1800 square feet (167 meters square) of interior space plus a wrap-around deck, the 2 bedroom, 2 bath Penthouse designed by Graham Baba is a work of art. Polished concrete floors throughout, white oak cabinetry and built-ins, blacked steel wall accents, exposed steel structure, natural fir ceiling and exquisite bath and kitchen fixtures express a wholly Northwest material palette. WiFi throughout serving CondoInternet 1GB internet speeds, DirectTV with expansive channel lineup and 4k TV. Except for the Master Bedroom, you've got the run ofThis open 1-bedroom floorplan is perfect for long-term or short-term stays.  Tons of space, convenient location with quick access to everything, newer building with lots of amenities, and very quiet - you really can't ask for much more than this. This open 1-bedroom floorplan is perfect for long-term or short-term stays.  Tons of space, convenient location, newer building, and very quiet - you really can't ask for much more than this.  You'll have quick access to South Lake Union, Lower Queen Anne, Belltown, Downtown via the Monorail, and the transit corridor all within short walking distance. Amenities include a huge rooftop deck with gas BBQ's for grilling right under the Space Needle, workout facilities to get your heart-rate going, a lounge with billiards and TV's to enjoy with friends and family, assigned parking in a secured access garage for safety, and quiet location within the building away from street noise. Use the fob to gain access into the main entrance on the corner of JBedroom+private bathroom ready for daily or monthly booking. 3 blocks away from Amazon campus. 15 minute walk to downtownOur house is just miles from the excitement of downtown Seattle, but offers a restful and quiet retreat. Situated on a ravine, the house features an eat-in kitchen with granite countertops and private deck looking into the trees. Very relaxing! Our spacious home is perfect for a family or couples traveling together! Lots of places to relax with a good book or to unwind after a busy day around Seattle. Guests will have access to master bedroom and adjoining bath, upstairs bedroom and bath, and the downstairs area including kitchen, family room (with sleeper sofa), dining room, living room and laundry. Feel free to call if you have any questions once you arrive. (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) We live on a dead-end street and the house looks out to trees. Therefore, you will experience peace and quiet: NO traffic noise, an occasional dog bark, and many birds to chirp you awake in the morning! Our house provides two parking spaces in the driveway. Additionally, we are just one block away from a pubA truly magnificent location in the heart of Seattle. Close to downtown and only STEPS away from one of the world's most gorgeous parks! For reviews of my home & an area guidebook, please see my listing at: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/685600 WELCOME TO SEATTLE!!!    I'm a professional jazz singer, music teacher and language lover (fluent in French, dabble in several others) who truly enjoys hosting and entertaining people from around the world! After over a decade in Seattle, I have a vast knowledge of the city, the local scene (live music, great food, shopping, etc.), and the surrounding areas, and will be happy to help guide you during your stay. This lovely 3-bedroom, 2-bath house in Seattle's Magnolia neighborhood (a hidden gem in itself!) is nestled within a short radius of all the best this area has to offer. Located within minutes of downtown Seattle, it also adjoins such hip, thriving neighborhoods as Queen Anne (Seattle Center, Space Needle), historic Ballard (Hiram ChittendeThis Magnolia townhouse (3 bdrm+loft, 3.5 bath) is centrally located to most Seattle sites (Ballard, Fremont, UW, Cruise terminal, Interbay Golf, Seattle Center, Downtown).  Garage included with Tesla Charger.  Free street parking.  Next to bus line This house was expertly picked because of location, size, and neighborhood amenities. We live 5 minutes away in Magnolia ourselves.  What makes this vacation rental unique compared to other vacation rentals in Seattle: 1. Parking: We have a garage and a driveway to use and there is plenty of free street parking.  Other neighborhoods have paid parking on the streets and no private garage to protect your vehicle.   2. The master bedroom has a staircase to another room above (loft) with access to the deck where you can view Queen Anne.   3. We bought a commercial grade tankless water heater that is capable of supplying unlimited hot water to all the showers (3) in the house and handle the other appliances that require hot water 4. The house isI live near a park and also a 20 minute busride to downtown Seattle.  This is a very quiet and safe neighborhood with excellent bus service - with a bus stop in front.  There is a wonderful supermarket approximately five minutes walk away.  I have another listing as well  - the spaces outside the bedroom are shared:) This is a large bedroom with closet, desk and chair, as well as queen size bed.  The bathroom can be shared with up to four people total. I interact with my guests according to how much they want to interact.  I love to chat, and also I respect privacy. There is a great public transport system (buses) to downtown.  There are approximately three buses leaving every hour. As a rule of thumb the check in time is 3 pm, and the check out time is 12 pm.  These can be adjusted on an as needed basis:)Relax in a comfortable private home in Magnolia (2 cats included). The soothing bedroom has an antique brass bed (new mattress!) and private bathroom. Located near Discovery Park and the Ship Canal, you'll be only 15 minutes to downtown or Ballard. This home has been lovingly cared for. It is furnished with antiques and surrounded by gardens and lots of birds. Enjoy the comfortable surroundings, green spaces, or take in the active city life just a short distance away. Located within in a quiet neighborhood of Magnolia, within easy walking distance to Magnolia Village (2 miles) with restaurants, coffee spots and shops, Discovery Park, the Ship Canal and Ballard. Downtown is 15 to 20 minutes by bus, with a stop just a half mile away. Magnolia is one of the popular in-town neighborhoods, known for its scenic beauty with lots of trees, home gardens, high bluffs overlooking the Puget Sound, and overall peaceful surroundings. Two Metro buses have stops within an easy half-mile walk: #24 and Walking distance to 31 Bus (30mins ride) to University of Washington, D-Line (20-25mins ride) to Downtown Seattle. 10 mins walk to QFC.It's like a treehouse. This master bedroom with balcony overlooks Kiwanis Ravine. One block from Discovery Park. Quiet dead-end street. Huge bed & futon waiting. My dog wants your quiet dog to come, too. Shared kitchen & bath. Park in garage.    It's like a treehouse. (It's airy, light, clean.) It fits two comfortably.  The balcony. The garage. The washer and dryer. The piano (at certain hours). The fireplace (when it's winter, as arranged).  I am not planning on substantial interactions with guests. One thing I really would like, though, is that guests be available the day of the rental before 5 in the evening to get the key and talk briefly about arrangements. Discovery Park is right here, and Fort Lawton. The locks are a walk away, as are two of the biggest marinas. There's a coffee shop a couple of blocks away, Metropolitan Market a couple of blocks away, a dry cleaner (next to the coffee shop), an acupuncture and a physical fitness place and two beauty salons, all within a couple WE'RE INTRODUCING THIS RENTAL LIKE WE INTRODUCED OUR LAKE SAMMAMISH DUPLEX:  The property is in the process of being remodeled so we don't have any interior photos available yet.  However, guests can pre-book for 2016 now at a discounted rate! Enjoy the convenience of being close to downtown Seattle, without having to deal with the hassles of downtown living in the quiet suburb of Magnolia. WA. This 1950's throwback home has a daylight basement that has been converted into a 1100 square feet duplex style rental.  It has a private entrance, laundry, kitchen, living room and 2 bedrooms. The kitchen is being remodeled with granite counter tops, stainless steel range oven, microwave and dishwasher. You'll enjoy lots of natural light and beauty through the windows in each room.  Bedrooms are generous in size with new carpet.  The rental is located on a 5000 square foot corner lot with a large double park driveway in addition to ample street parking.  Very close to downtown Seattle, grocery Awake to views of the City and Mount Rainier in this sleek, impeccably designed home. Enjoy the close proximity to the City within the urban Seattle neighborhood of Magnolia.A true gem in charming Magnolia! Steps to the village, restaurants, shops, Discovery Park trails & beach. CLEAN, safe, perfect for families (walk to park, playground & pool). Easy access to downtown, viaduct (airport), waterfront, cruise terminals. This newly remodeled 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom home in Magnolia. The king-sized bed in the master bedroom sleeps 2, and the bunk beds + trundle in the other bedroom accommodates 3 (great for kids).  There is also a queen size air mattress that sleeps 2 which is available in the hall closet. The living room has plenty of natural light. On a honeymoon?  Enjoy romantic sunsets from the spacious front porch. Or visit Pike Place Market in the morning and grill your find on the back deck under string lights in the evening! Like most Seattle homes, this one does not have a/c.  However, fans are available to make your stay comfortable and relaxing.  This location makes for a fabulous retreat for families (walk to park, playground & pool) or business traOpen concept townhouse with rooftop deck featuring gorgeous views in the heart of Magnolia. Located only ten minutes from downtown Seattle with convenient bus access. Minutes to local parks, popular bars & restaurants, sports stadiums and more. CHRISTMAS + NYE: Our home is still available over both holidays - perfect for couples or families traveling for the holidays.  Our modern home offers an light filled, open concept living room and kitchen with access to our private rooftop deck. Up to five guests will sleep comfortably in our master bedroom with queen sized bed, spare bedroom with full sized bed or second spare bedroom with pull-out twin couch. Enjoy three bathrooms (one on each floor). Available via email or text message. Free street parking is readily available.  Bus stop just steps away to a variety of areas around Seattle area.  Uber cars within minutes. Our townhouse is located ten minutes from Downtown Seattle and thirty minutes from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. LoThis newly furnished apartment (685 sq. ft.)  located in beautiful neighborhood of Magnolia, is a prime location in terms of close access to downtown Seattle and all central activities as well as a getaway with stunning view of the city & water! Furniture is all brand new and you have a balcony with a gorgeous view of the city and water! You have full access to the entire apartment except two closets that are used for storage. I will be available 24/7 to assist with any needs you may have throughout the stay in regards to the lodging and offer any tips/advice about the city! Magnolia is one of the most beautiful neighborhoods in Seattle with a unique central downtown just 5 minutes north of the apartment. Downtown Seattle is accessible just 7 minutes away and the Space Needle and EMP is located 5 minutes away from the apartment. Street parking is available as well as access to bus transit. Typically an Uber / Lyft costs not more than $8 to get to downtown.A clean comfortable room mins away from downtown Seattle. Yet you are away from the city noise in this beautiful neighborhood. Walk to grocery coffee food. Enjoy new bed/bath/kitchen, wake up energized and be ready for what Seattle has to offer! Easy access to Seattle downtown, Ballard, UW, Fremont, Queen Ann neighborhood. Within 10 mins drive to discovery park and pier 91. Whether you are looking for a good night sleep after touring the city, or you just need a comfortable place to call home in Seattle for month, this is the place to be! This guest bedroom is located on the second floor of a three story townhouse. House doesn't look luxury but is designed for comfort. This room has a brand new bed accommodating two people, a working station, a big closet with plenty space to hang your closes , as well as customized drawers to keep your smaller items. Awesome view from the window. Guests have access to the bathroom on second floor (might share with other guest(s) if my other listing onThis beautiful 3 bedroom townhouse comfortably sleeps 6 and can accomodate up to 8. Located in the quiet Magnolia neighborhood just west of downtown. Avoid the city craziness for a good night sleep, still keep the luxury of reaching downtown Seattle. This place will provide all the comfort you need after exploring Seattle. Master bedroom has ample space, King bed with luxury memory foam mattress, private bathroom.  Two bedrooms on second level sharing a full bath.  Kitchen open to living room on first level. Guest have access to entire house and all the essentials provided. We won't be living in the house during your stay but we will be very responsive to any questions you have. The quietness and close proximity to downtown. Bus 33 stop is 1 block away. D line and Bus 24 is within 10 mins walk.  Direct bus taking you to downtown, fremont, ballard, university district and other neighborhood.Private clean room in this artist cottage that I live in with one other housemate.  It is located in the Magnolia neighborhood near Discovery Park!  The room is located in the heated basement with a full bed (not futon as listed...not sure how to remove that), wifi, and your own cable tv.  There is a desk to sit and work with room to stretch out and relax.  I also have another room that is sometimes available, it is the last picture in the picture gallery! The cottage has a front deck that is basked in sunlight later in the day, and a back courtyard garden that is wonderful to sit and relish your coffee in the morning. Free high speed internet and on street parking too!! You are hosted by Cheryl the owner and one housemate!! Enjoy the full comforts of home with the use of the kitchen, while being welcomed by our dogs Jackx and Molli.  The last of the family includes my 1 kitty Bobbin. We are one block from the biggest park  (Discovery) in the city of Seattle, where you can even walk doFirst floor cozy & clean bedroom and full bathroom are all yours. You'll enjoy privacy having the first floor of my townhome exclusively, other than sharing front door entrance. Easy access to Magnolia, downtown, Ballard and Fremont neighborhoods. Free bottle of wine included for any bookings made between Jan. 1 - 5! *Reservation must be confirmed between Jan. 1 and Jan. 5 for travel throughout 2016. This clean and spacious, new tri-level townhouse is located on a bright corner lot in the safe Magnolia neighborhood just west of downtown Seattle. You'll be within walking of several eateries including a particularly fabulous pub, the QFC grocery store, and of course...Starbuck's. The bus line to downtown is less than a block away (10 minutes to the space needle), connecting to other wonderful pockets of the emerald city; the express bus stop is three blocks away. If you'll have a car, there is ample street parking available immediately in front of the townhouse.  You'll enjoy a comfortabMagnolia, Seattle is a Luxury neighborhood; featuring gorgeous views of the Puget Sound, and only 10 minutes from downtown by car, or a 20 minute bus ride! We love our home and spend most of our free time as a family here! We strive for a comfortable space to house our son, dog and selves! You will have full access to the apartment building including a gym on premises, hot tub and sauna. We are here to help you enjoy your stay! Please contact us with questions or concerns you may have, as well as suggestions for local fare and activities! Magnolia is a beautiful neighborhood just minutes from downtown Seattle! Features within the neighborhood include a cute downtown area with coffee shops, shopping and restraunts. Local activities within the neighborhood include the Hiram Chittenden Locks and Discovery Park (beautiful hiking trails that lead to the Puget Sound beach). For the dog owner, there are three nearby parks and grassy areas, as well as a dog park just up the hill! TransportatioIt's a short ride (via auto or local bus) into downtown Seattle or a nice walk to Discovery Park from our lovely home. Enjoy a living/dining/kitchen space that is made to share. The Space Needle, Pike Place Market, restaurants, museums and fun await! The master bedroom has a queen bed and a large en suite bath with double sinks, a large bathtub and a separate tiled shower. The middle bedroom has a queen bed, and the front bedroom has two extra-long twin beds. All beds have quality linens. The two front bedrooms share a bathroom with a tub/shower combination.  There is lovely bamboo flooring and a fully equipped kitchen with a large gas cook top. Microwave, blender, coffee pot, toaster, electric tea kettle, full spice rack, coffee and tea round out the kitchen. In addition to the kitchen table which seats 6, there are 3 bar stools at the kitchen bar. A separate dining room also seats 6 at a large glass table. Both kitchen and dining tables can be expanded. There are keyless entries for Full kitchen, very comfy bed, very clean, very quiet. Just up the hill from the Seattle waterfront, close to downtown but it feels as though you're in the woods. Bus line is a block away. Private, yet minutes from downtown Seattle. Very clean. Fully equipped kitchen. Very comfy bed, fluffy pillows and plenty of blankets. Ironing board, iron and wifi and work area. Wifi. Coffee & tea. Light snacks. iPhone charger. Little bit Safe, welcoming upscale neighborhood, off street parking. Bus line is a block awayThis is a couch in the living room.  There is another person sleeping in the living room, with partitions which provide privacy.   I  do prefer females, although I am willing to consider males on a case by case basis.   Very easy street parking. This space is across the street from a park.  Easy street parking. Washer, dryer. I will be available during your stay.  I will interact with you according to what is comfortable.Cozy, modern home, only steps away from 500+ acre Discovery Park.  Quiet 'hood, close to Ballard, and only a 20 minute bike ride through the Olympic Sculpture Park to Pike Street Market in Downtown Seattle.  Plus a wood-fired sauna! A modest 450 square feet, but layed out with plenty of open space and enough privacy in the bedroom and bathroom.  Lots of light and greenery to admire.  Great blue herons build nests in the ravine in the back yard.  Very minimal, not a lot of trinkets and stuff.  No TV, no phone line.  Peace and quiet! The whole house, deck, wood-fired sauna, hammock, washer/dryer, yard.  I have bikes if needed.  There's a longboard available if you're into skating around the neighborhood.  :) Please let me know in advance if you'll need lots of closet space! I typically like to pass off the key (or even leave it hidden) and that's it!  Of course, I'm always available by email, phone, or text if something comes up.  Magnolia rocks!  Check out "the village".. our quaint litCozy room with private bathroom and patio in a modern townhouse. The townhouse is recently constructed, very clean and modern. The room is moderately sized and features: a comfy full sized bed, large closet, a private bathroom, private deck and semi-private entryway for guests to come and go. The room is ideal for individuals or couples traveling to Seattle for both business and short to intermediate stays in a great city. Beyond the amenities within the room itself, the remainder of the 2,400 sq foot townhouse is available including a full kitchen, laundry facilities and garage arrangements can be made available. We are friendly and happy to assist with recommendations around the city. Our lifestyle is busy and professional but a great deal of work is done from home. Magnolia is an unique area because it is close to downtown Seattle but tucked away and very safe. Crime is almost nonexistent in this part of the city. Scenic Discovery Park which overlooks Puget Sound and provides many fStay in a newly remodeled daylight basement using re-purposed materials. Sit in the new backyard patio enjoying the quiet of Magnolia with a touch of wild.  Walk to Discovery Park or the Metro bus, an easy 15-20 minute commute to Seattle. The newly remodeled daylight basement features a comfy bedroom, large bathroom, mini-kitchen, and large family room with cable TV and wireless internet.  Outdoors you can enjoy sitting in our new sunny patio and enjoy the garden and the privacy of the space. Guests can enjoy the backyard patio and check out the vegetable gardens and perennial plantings.  The "den" or family room has a 40" TV with cable and internet, movies, and hundreds of books.  You can do your morning stretches or yoga while looking out the window to a Zen garden.   Discovery Park is only 4 blocks away and you can see a section of it from the backyard.  Discovery Park is the largest part in Seattle and remains mostly a natural area with forests, trails, open sunny areas, and a spec180* View from Mt. Baker to Mt. Rainier. 30' x 12' LR w/ full wall picture windows & Fireplace.  Bamboo & Tile Flooring. Kitchen w/ granite bar open to views. Enclosed deck w/ water view to Canal. Master BR with air conditioning. Club House & Pool.A truly magnificent location in the heart of Seattle.  The best of all worlds: Proximity to both downtown AND hip, happening neighborhoods (Ballard, Fremont, Queen Anne, Belltown...) And only STEPS away from one of the world's most gorgeous parks! WELCOME TO SEATTLE!!!    I'm a professional jazz singer, music teacher and language lover (fluent in French, dabble in several others) who truly enjoys hosting and entertaining people from around the world! After over a decade in Seattle, I have a vast knowledge of the city, the local scene (live music, great food, shopping, etc.), and the surrounding areas, and will be happy to help guide you during your stay. This lovely 3-bedroom, 2-bath house in Seattle's Magnolia neighborhood (a hidden gem in itself!) is nestled within a short radius of all the best this area has to offer. Located within minutes of downtown Seattle, it also adjoins such hip, thriving neighborhoods as Queen Anne (Seattle Center, Space Needle), historic Ballard (Hiram ChitNestled in urban forest near bus lines, dog parks, biking trails, discovery park. Pool, cabana, sauna. Custom alder cabinets, Cambria Quartz countertops, handcrafted tile and SS appliances. Washer/dryer, built-in desk, custom buffet, sunken living room, vaulted ceilings, floor to ceiling windows with privacy blinds. Huge fireplace.Wow. It is all here in one treasure box. Four bedrooms up in 1909 splendor and a fifth bedroom on the main floor. 3 queen beds, 2 full beds. Hugs bedrooms, tonne of natural light through the entire home. Real backyard with private alley. City view Magnolia / North Queen AnnA truly magnificent location in the heart of Seattle. Close to downtown and only STEPS away from one of the world's most gorgeous parks! For reviews of my home & an area guidebook, please see my listing at: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/685600 WELCOME TO SEATTLE!!!    I'm a professional jazz singer, music teacher and language lover (fluent in French, dabble in several others) who truly enjoys hosting and entertaining people from around the world! After over a decade in Seattle, I have a vast knowledge of the city, the local scene (live music, great food, shopping, etc.), and the surrounding areas, and will be happy to help guide you during your stay. This lovely home in Seattle's Magnolia neighborhood (a hidden gem in itself!) is nestled within a short radius of all the best this area has to offer. Located within minutes of downtown Seattle, it also adjoins such hip, thriving neighborhoods as Queen Anne (Seattle Center, Space Needle), historic Ballard (Hiram Chittenden Locks, Golden GarNot enough space to put your stuff? Not here! Everything goes big in this clean private room. Big bed, big desk, big closet... Located in the quiet Magnolia neighborhood just west of downtown. Avoid the city craziness for a good night sleep, still keep the luxury of reaching downtown Seattle within mins. Location also close to Queen Ann, Ballard, Fremont, UW, Discovery park and Pier 91 cruise terminal. Bus stops nearby, free street parking. Grocery, coffee and food within walking distance. This bedroom is of the master bedroom size. The queen bed with memory foam mattress will help with a nice sleep and keep the stress away while you travel. The highlight for this room is a huge L shape office desk and office chair. A lot of room to place your stuff.  Spacious closet to keep all your stuff organized. Guests have access to the bathroom on second floor (might share with other guest(s) if my other listing on airbnb is booked), living room downstairs, dining table, dedicated shelves in theWelcome home to to your king size bed, walk in closet room and private bath! Quiet neighborhood and close to major attractions. Near Queen Ann, Ballard, Fremont, UW, Discovery park and Pier 91 cruise terminal. Bus nearby, walk to grocery and food. Guests have access to their own private bathroom and bedroom on third floor, living room downstairs, dining table, dedicated shelves in the kitchen cabinet (with dish ware provided), dedicated shelves in the fridge and freezer, stove, microwave, coffee machine and bread toaster.  Clean towel and beddings will be provided upon your arrival. Bathroom essentials will be provided as well for guests staying shorter than 2 weeks. We are here to answer whatever question you may have. Don't hesitate to contact! This place is in the quiet and convenient magnolia neighborhood. If you are up for a walk, you can easily get to lawton Park, magnolia village, fisherman's terminal and even discovery park. It is also within mins to Ballard downtown. Plenty ofCharming single family home in the wonderful neighborhood of Magnolia, minutes driving from downtown, just one block from Discovery Park, and a 15 minute walk to Magnolia Village or the Ballard Locks. Guests are allowed all access to main level (2BD/IBA) with living room, dining area, and kitchen.  Front and backyard access.  Basement offers additional living (1 BD, full bath, recreation room with big screen TV with Apple TV (Hulu, Netflix, and HBO GO).  Other rooms in basement will be locked to guests. Homeowners will not be on site but available by phone for any needs. We live on a quiet street with friendly, responsible neighbors. Magnolia is an in-city oasis!  We are just 5 miles from downtown but our neighborhood is quiet and peaceful and offers gorgeous scenery of the Cascade and Olympic Mountains and Puget Sound.  The Magnolia Village is a charming area within the neighborhood with cafes, coffee shops, restaurants, a few boutiques, bookstore, etc. Walk one block to Discovery ParThe Birdhouse offers Pacific Northwest beauty (1/2 block from Discovery Park) quiet nights, easy parking, 4 miles from downtown Seattle. Adjacent to Queen Anne, Ballard and Fremont, some of Seattle's most popular neighborhoods. Nicknamed "the Birdhouse" for the friendly avian visitors from Discovery Park (Seattle's largest and most natural) next door, attracted by my many bird-friendly front and backyard plantings.  The separate room for one or two: a 110 sq. ft. bedroom, with garden views. Full private 40's style tiled bathroom. The mattress is a combination of air with a foam topper.  May through December, relax in a clean new hot tub in the backyard (rules apply). Cable TV (42" flat screen), wireless internet and stereo delivers international radio and a massive private jazz, blues and Brazilian music collection.  My living space is at the other end of the house from the room you rent. So, there's a fair degree of privacy. Most days I am working from 8:30A - 7:30P. My office is justThis is a cozy and bright new ADU in the basement of our newly renovated Modern Magnolia neighborhood home.   ADU has private entrance at back of house.   Full size tiled bathroom with glass enclosure,  full size stainless kitchen, little sitting area with flat screen TV.  One bedroom with queen size bed. Washer & dryer in unit.   Unit close to the Magnolia Blvd and views, bus stop with easy ride to downtown, 1.75 miles from Discovery Park, 3 blocks to the village. Cute and bright ADU/Mother in Law in the basement of our modern newly remodeled home.  Decorated in a Mid-Century Modern Fashion and fully furnished with all the features of home. Entrance to ADU is via side gate from front of house (child lock on gate) or via back alley gate.    Stairs in back of house lead down to ADU.   Key will be given on arrival or via coded lock box. Happy to answer questions during stay and play concierge. Either via text or email, knock on front door. Beautiful neighborhood.  Close to parks (DiscoveFull lower level suite with views of the Olympic mountains in the wonderful Magnolia neighborhood. 30 Minute walk to Discovery Park. New large lower suite with 2 bedrooms, 1 den/bedroom, and 1 3/4 baths. Amazing views of Puget Sound and the Olympic Mountains. Guests have access to all Downstairs Outside deck patio furniture. Parking spot There is no access to the water. There is a access to the water south on Perkins lane. I live close by any needs can be taken care of quickly. 30 minute walk to Discovery Park Close to downtown and Magnolia center. You are nestled on the west side of Magnolia so public transportation is not close to Perkins Lane. When driving you are minutes from downtown Magnolia, Ballard, Queen Anne, and Seattle. There  are multible stairs down from the carport to the suite. One parking space provided. Please no parking in front of neighbors houses.Cozy up in our little brick house for a holiday or a quick stopover. Enjoy the lifestyle of being blocks from Magnolia Village which offers numerous restaurants, coffee shops, playground, tennis courts, pool & #24bus to downtown Seattle. Charming and elegant two bedroom mid-century home (1948) with kitchen, dining room, bathroom, living room and two bedrooms. One bedroom has a queen bed and the other has a full over full bunk bed. Our home is 10 minutes to Seattle or Ballard and just 2 blocks to Magnolia Village! The unit is the main floor of our home with the basement not being accessible. You enter through the front door but also have a sliding glass door off the dining room that accesses the patio. We will be available via email and phone and may also be able to stop by if you need help with anything. Magnolia is central to all what there is to do in seattle, whether its going down town Seattle, going to Ballard to explore its hip restaurants and bars, or to walk amongst our neighboStunning views of Mount Rainier and Seattle Skyline. Charming and elegant mid-century home with over 1800 sq ft. and huge decks. Only 5 minutes to Seattle or Ballard! Brand new gourmet kitchen in December! The Space Brand new GOURMET KITCHEN in December! Thoroughly stocked for your convenience. Welcome to our charming, comfortable and very elegant home located on the south side of Magnolia Bluff. Sweeping views of Mount Rainier, Seattle, and the waterfront. We are bathed in light perched high over Elliott Bay.  Pass Elliott Bay Marina, the cruise ships, and other spectacular vessels as you approach our neighborhood. The house is mid-Century with classic architecture of that era. It is set in a quiet neighborhood just minutes from downtown Seattle and Ballard. Surrounded by charming gardens, plenty of lawn, spacious decks and lovely neighbors. This is a wonderful and incredibly convenient retreat.    Both bedrooms are very spacious with lots of closet space. Each bedroom opens to the deBeautiful, large, quiet, bottom floor efficiency apt is 10 min from downtown Seattle & So Lk Union. Marble bathroom & heated floors throughout. Enjoy deck with fire pit & view of the water & mtns. Sleeps up to 7 people. Bus stop across street. New property with bottom floor apartment located 10 min to downtown/Pike Place/Seattle Center.  (Entire house available - see other listing for info regarding top 2 floors.) PLEASE NOTE: SEP - DEC there is a minimum night requirement depending upon available dates on the Airbnb calendar and/or holidays. Please be specific with the number of guests and how many dates you desire. Read on!.... Marble bathroom, walk-in shower, heated floors throughout, recessed lighting, kitchenette, and full sized refrigerator/freezer. Comfortably accommodates up to 7 people. Extra bedroom with powder room on same floor for additional fee. Enjoy hiking, biking, skiing, boating, tennis, golf, shopping, dining, theater, symphony, concerts, and professional sports - alNEW CITY HOME 10 MIN TO DOWNTOWN! GREAT ENTERTAINING SPACES & VIEWS OF THE PUGET SOUND * WELCOME!  You know you're where you belong the moment you catch the view of Puget Sound & Olympic Mountains from your expansive front deck located in Seattle's "Top Three Neighborhoods" (Magnolia). This one-of-a-kind 4000 S/F, spacious Seattle-style house built in 2006 has massive living spaces and comes equipped with modern comforts and conveniences including beautiful marble fireplace, large, comfortable furnishings, plush rugs, heated floors, gourmet kitchen, huge dining table, beautiful newly designed backyard with fire pit, and stunning views of Puget Sound and the Olympic Mountains from the front deck.  Sitting atop Seattle's premier residential neighborhood of Magnolia, you are 10 minutes away from Pike Place Market, Stadiums & Space needle, only 4 blocks from the city's 600+ acre nature reserve (Discovery Park). Want to ski, snowshoe, kayak, or fish for the day? It's all within minutes awayYou have quite & no hussle bussle of Downtown yet you are 10 minutes away from Downtown to go & do things. Buses are available or can drive or ride scooters.  I have fire place to enjoy  both upstairs & downstairs. it is the Room to rent. It is on the main level.  clean, Red room which is sexy fun. Bedroom. Bathroom & Street View, Safety closer to Kitchen as well.  only if they would like to interact, Converse, Talk or get directions to and Back.  it is very Beautiful, Quite, Easy Access to Downtown (without Hussle and bussle of downtown where you sleep) via Car, Bus, Bike or a great long Walk. Beautiful Discovery Park, with Stunning views of Water, Eagels, & Different Birds during the Season. Yes you can take Taxi, Call me or take Train to downtown, Then take bus (depending on time) 24 or 19 to W viewmount  and W Dravus Street. walk 3 Blocks towards Water turn Lest on 44th Ave W I am the house with Gold Volvo Parked in front. (in summer I am the only house with Garden so far) I have ait is huge room Private  Stays warm in winters. Cool in summers. This room is open to Large Living room Downstairs. Spacious  Daylight Downstairs which stays hot in Winter and Cold in Summer. It is easy to sleep.  Bedroom. Bathroom and Kitchen. Of Course to me as well. It depends on the Guest if they need any interaction. (I would love any interactions and connections.) I love the Beauty Quite feeling of Views and Discovery park so close by (like nature right next to you) it is 4 Blocks away. Yes we have Bus system starts like 5 Am until  9 PM. Other wise train from Airport,  bus from Bus or Train stations. I am the only house so far in Summer with Garden, for Winter I have Radiant Heating system.Travel through time in quaint Magnolia.  Just a few miles from downtown and all the main Seattle attractions.  Stroll through the Magnolia Village with shops, restaurants, ice cream and outdoor pool just blocks away! Two-bedroom cottage with spacious master suite and bonus sun room with sleeper couch.  Property is situated high on the street with ample outdoor space including adirondack chairs, outdoor dining, and barbeque.  Basketball hoop for the kids!  The home has a remodeled bath with tile shower and bonus toilet in the master bedroom.   Guests have access to the full house.  Furnished living room, master bedroom, kitchen, yard.  Second bedroom furnished with bunk beds.  Laundry facilities within home.  The guest has private access to the full home! Relaxing neighborhood close to all of Seattle's great attraction but without the hustle and bustle.  Magnolians move at a slower pace.  This is a great neighborhood for walking and biking with kids.  Two playgrounds are nearby as well Awake to views of the city and Mount Rainier in this sleek, impeccably designed home.  Enjoy the close proximity to the city within the urban Seattle neighborhood of Magnolia.A truly magnificent location in the heart of Seattle. Close to downtown and only STEPS away from one of the world's most gorgeous parks! WELCOME TO SEATTLE!!!    I'm a professional jazz singer, music teacher and language lover (fluent in French, dabble in several others) who truly enjoys hosting and entertaining people from around the world! After over a decade in Seattle, I have a vast knowledge of the city, the local scene (live music, great food, shopping, etc.), and the surrounding areas, and will be happy to help guide you during your stay. This lovely home in Seattle's Magnolia neighborhood (a hidden gem in itself!) is nestled within a short radius of all the best this area has to offer. Located within minutes of downtown Seattle, it also adjoins such hip, thriving neighborhoods as Queen Anne (Seattle Center, Space Needle), historic Ballard (Hiram Chittenden Locks, Golden Gardens), artsy Fremont (go meet the Bridge Troll!), and nightlife-studded Belltown. The International Distri3 night min mid season 7 night peak  Secluded in-city beachfront home  3 bedroom, 2 bath home is one of a kind  Breathtaking views of Mt. Rainier, Olympic Mtns, Puget Sound 8 minute drive to Seattle Center   10 minute drive to downtown Seattle. Please inquire about seasonal and holiday minimum booking requirements and also ask for quotes for discounted weekly and monthly bookings.  Enjoy modern luxury just a few minutes walk from the Washington State Convention Center, Downtown, SLU/Amazon and Capital Hill. This beautiful unit is perfectly situated at the center of everything; Whole Foods, many restaurants, shops, and more. This unit offers: Air Conditioning 55-Inch 1080P Smart Television Cable Gigabyte Internet Shampoo/Conditioner/Body Wash Hair Dryer Kitchen Necessities Writing Desk Coffee/Coffee Maker Washer/Dryer Iron/Ironing Board and more...100% Walk Score close to the Convention Center, Westlake Station, Pike Place Market, Amazon, Belltown, Capitol Hill, and more. Spotless, reliable, accommodating, and professional hosts! The space seeks to feel like home while giving off a great energetic vibe of what living in the heart of Seattle is like. This simple, elegant, comfortable, and clean 1 bedroom apartment is in the heart of Downtown Seattle. Here's what you can expect: * Hi-Speed Internet * Freshly washed linen, towels and washcloths with new hotel-sized shampoo, conditioner, body wash, toothbrush, toothpaste, and lotion for all guests. * Alarm clock with iPod charging dock * Iron and ironing board * Kitchen with some basic comfort foods * Small library of recreational economics, programming, and philosophy books for your perusal. * A no clutter, minimalistic design Entire apartment. Spacious closet spaces. Bedroom. Living Room. Kitchen. Bathroom. My assistant Michelle / I will arrange with you at the start to drop off/pThe Shelby is centrally located at the intersection of 4th Ave. and Blanchard Street; everything you need is within walking distance! This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathrooms, Washer/Dryer, Gym access, and Sleeps 6. Life at the Shelby is about enjoying everything that Seattle has to offer and beyond. This fantastic vacation rental is located in the middle of Seattle's vibrant Belltown neighborhood, surrounded by world-class shopping, dining, art galleries, museums, and much more! Visit the famous Pike Place Market or attend an exciting ball game without having to venture too far from this perfect central location. The Shelby is centrally located at the intersection of 4th Ave. and Blanchard Street. Everything you need is within walking distance and Seattle's excellent public transit makes it easy to explore all of the city's wonderful neighborhoods. The Shelby: 2 bedrooms with a king bed, a queen bed, and queen size sofa bed 2 full bathrooms with shower and tub  Sleeps 6  950 square fThis carefully designed property is Seattle Oasis' original rental unit! Enjoy an amazing view of the Elliot Bay while relaxing in the colorful and vibrant living room. Welcome to your Cosmopolitan Water View Oasis, your home away from home in our Downtown Seattle Condo located in the lively Belltown Neighborhood.  This magnificent Seattle vacation rental condo is in the heart of Seattle's lively Belltown Neighborhood. Romantic views of Puget Sound and the majestic Olympic Mountains and a balcony just off the bedroom makes it one of Seattle's premier places to stay for a Puget Sound vacation or for your Seattle Business Trip. Downtown Seattle is at your front door and has never been so accessible and so welcoming. This property is managed by Seattle Oasis Vacation Rentals. We are a family owned business, and work everyday to redefine your vacation rental experience. Your satisfaction, as our guest, is our goal. The Pike Place Market is just a short walk away, as is the stunning SeattleA beautiful vintage apartment home is located in the Heart of Belltown. A few blocks from Pike Market, Downtown, Capital Hill and Queen Anne. Be in the middle of local restaurants and music nightlife!  An original inspiring space filled with art. This is a 100 year old building right in the heart of Belltown! The building is a favorite of mine with charm and unmatched character! There is close bus lines and readily available taxi cabs! Also, the ride/share industry is thriving in Seattle. Be sure to utilize our Uber and other ride share services.Hi, I have living room available for rent in 1BHK in seattle downtown for females It has shared kitchen/bath . Separate door f bath/balcony. I am staying currently & looking somebody for short term.I prefer veg (if they cook @ home else fine)females. Hi, I have living room available for rent in my 1BHK in seattle downtown area. Perfect location near pike place and seattle center and It has shared kitchen and bathroom . Separate door for bathroom & balcony and  is very nice location if you are working in seattle downtown. I am staying currently & looking somebody for short or long term .I prefer veg female roommate but for short term it's ok. Its very close to waterfront/pike place  market/western avenue and close to all shops/offices. It has all amenities, very spacious and clean apt. About Me I am indian female working for an IT company in seattle downtown. clean friendly and respect privacy for others. Yes but with some advance info. However no overnight guests/smoking/drug/drinking Located in the heart of downtown squarely between the Space Needle and Pike Place Market, this shared apartment features an amazing location, a twin-sized bed, a Space Needle view, a fully stocked kitchen, fridge, wifi, and a warm Seattle welcome. Come join my roommate and I in downtown Seattle!  Located between the Space Needle (8 minute walk) and Pike Place Market (8 minute walk), this shared apartment features an amazing location, a twin-sized bed, a Space Needle view, a fully stocked kitchen, fridge, wifi, and a warm Seattle welcome.  My apartment has a very minimalistic feel to it, but it has all the essentials. It's situated very nicely.  You have a view of the Space Needle, access to a Japanese style futon bed (called a shikifuton), and you're minutes from major tourist attractions like the first Starbucks, the Pike Place Market, or the Space Needle.  Want to visit the neighborhoods of Fremont, Capitol Hill, or visit the city of Bellevue?  There are buses that go literally everyThe BCAD/Object space is a uniquely bright and minimal storefront loft space with high ceilings, white walls, and lots of natural light. Located only 5 blocks from Pike Place Market this space is in the middle of everything. The BCAD/Object space is a unique and historic storefront loft. Located in Belltown just five blocks from Pike Place Market, the space is near many great restaurants, bars, design stores, and music venues. The space is nearly 3200 square feet with 16 foot ceilings on the first floor, an all white studio space with west facing windows that let in lots of natural light. A spiral staircase leads up to the office, bed, and living areas. At the top of the stairs is The Green Room, all white and well stocked with plants, magazines, books, and objects. You will also find an office desk and phone charging station available for your use. The next room is a small bedroom that consists of a full size bed and large open closet where you will find extra bedding if needed.  The A perfect location in downtown Seattle walking distance from the major tourist attractions: Pike Place Market, Space Needle, and the waterfront. The room has great lighting and even a view of the water. Close to major bus lines and the light rail. There are lots of great restaurants and bars in the area. I recommend Lava Lounge for good cheap drinks, CJ's eatery for a great breakfast, and Petra for an amazing Mediterranean meal, all less than a 10 min walk. The location is very ideal for public transport. You can take the light rail from the airport directly to the apartment. You are right in downtown Seattle so public transport is easy anywhere in the city.Brand New! Take advantage of introductory pricing on this beautifully designed condo with a peek-a-boo view of the Puget Sound! This Belltown condo is the perfect starting point for your Seattle stay. You will love the brand new furnishings and decor in this bright, contemporary condo. Smartly laid out, with a defined sleeping alcove and bright living area, this studio feels more like a one-bedroom condo. With room to sleep four, this is the perfect spot for a couple or small family. In addition to a queen size bed, this studio also has a queen size sleeper sofa. When you aren't exploring the Emerald City or unwinding in your condo, feel free to enjoy the wonderful amenities that Belltown Court has to offer. The indoor pool, hot tub, sauna, fitness room, lounge and lovely outdoor courtyard will only enhance your stay with us. For those who want to spend as much time outdoors as possible, a barbecue is available for your use on the 7th floor balcony. Walk Score: 92 One complimentary parWant a view of the water and to be near downtown? This 400 sq ft open floor plan studio is on the top level of a small apartment building on the edge of Belltown and Queen Anne. Come stay and play in Seattle. View of the bay. One floor up is rooftop with full view of Space needle, Bay, Olympics, docks, and Queen Anne. The apartment building has 30 some studios, 1 bdrs, and 2 bdrs. It is very quiet in terms of noise from traffic and tenants. The rare time you run into someone in the lobby or on the rooftop they ask how you are. Right on the edge of Lower Queen Anne and Belltown, you are perfectly situated for lots of stuff. Pacific Science center is across the street.  Key Arena and concerts is two blocks up. Safeway and QFC (grocery stores) are a 5-10 walk.  Heading downtown you are minutes from clubs, restaurants, bars and the like.  The Olympic Sculpture Park is the next block over. It's great to stroll through and check out the waterfront. Above ground parking is across the street. Stay in the heart of Seattle at a bargain rate. Our availability calendar is always current. Enjoy the privacy of your own 1 bdrm apartment with an added pull out sofa for extra guests and extra fun!! WIFI included This specific apartment is located on the ground floor with 4 street facing windows for the best view of city parades anyone could ever offer. No need to leave the comfort of your bed or get caught up in crowds of people. Enjoy the luxury of watching parades and events from your very own apartment!! Access to entire building including laundry room. There is an option to receive mail for guests staying more then 7 nights.Inside this apartment guests will find a fully equipped kitchen and a spacious bedroom. Residents in this building can enjoy the indoor heated swimming pool, a garden terrace with BBQ grills and a resident lounge with a library and billiards table.2 blocks from the SEATTLE CENTER, SPACE NEEDLE, EMP, KEY ARENA and PUGET SOUND WATER FRONT!!! Belltown is amazing. From this location Pike Place Market is so close & the Seattle Art Museum to!!! FOODIES will BE VERY Satisfied in this neighborhood!!! Studio with with hardwood floors, great light, awesome kitchen, and plenty of charm. Entire apartment. Washer and dryer on the premises. I'm a pretty hands off host and am glad to be flexible if I can to accommodate flight schedules or what not. The Seattle Center is just 2 blocks away with The Pacific Science Center, Space Needle, EMP, Key Arena, and more!  Pike Place Market is a 20 min walk. The Seattle Art Museum is just a bit further. Sunsets on the waterfront are breathtaking when you walk outside and look down the hill like street into the west!  Amazing restaurants are everywhere in Belltown!  Safeway is the closest grocery store.Enjoy modern luxury just a few minutes walk from the Washington State Convention Center, Downtown, SLU/Amazon and Capital Hill. This beautiful unit is perfectly situated at the center of everything; Whole Foods, many restaurants, shops, and more. This unit offers: Air Conditioning 55-Inch 4K Smart Television Cable Gigabyte Internet Shampoo/Conditioner/Body Wash Hair Dryer Kitchen Necessities Writing Desk Coffee/Coffee Maker Washer/Dryer Iron/Ironing Board and more...This 700 square foot apartment is close to restaurants, shopping, entertainment, and more! The Space This is a 700 square foot, one bedroom, one bathroom apartment in Seattle. When you choose our apartment, you'll get a kitchen for prepping snacks, a unique dining room for meals, a cozy living room for hanging out, and natural sunlight streaming in through the windows. Take advantage of our small kitchen for meals, or venture out and sample the surrounding restaurants during your stay here! Start the morning off right with some coffee in the dining area. Or head out to Bedlam Coffee, Top Pot Doughnuts, or Midtown Espresso. All are popular stops near our house.  Head out for some fresh morning air while you're here – explore Myrtle Edwards Park, Waterfront Park, or Waterfall Garden.  Try Local Pho, The Bear and the Bee, or Eggs & Plants for lunch. Then head back home for a nice afternoon nap, or just enjoy a long, hot shower.  Be sure to experience some local flavor. Check out PedestriaStylish and inviting studio apartment is walking distance to everything Seattle has to offer! Metropolitan Tower is luxurious, centrally located, with amenities galore and central air conditioning - a rare find in Seattle! Experience true luxury living in the heart of downtown, with the eclectic decor characteristic of a true Seattleite. This picturesque studio is the perfect launchpad for your Seattle vacation and features an internationally inspired blend of art that perfectly reflects the cultural melting pot in our beautiful city! Located in the heart of downtown, you can walk to South Lake Union, Seattle's shopping district and the Convention Center! Get all the amenities you expect from a hotel with the convenience, privacy, and space of a vacation rental!  Cozy and comfortable, nothing is overlooked in this apartment. Large, west-facing windows bathe the unit in sunlight. Enjoy your morning coffee or watch the sunset over the city from the private balcony. The open living space This is a roomy open one bedroom luxury condo in a desirable building with a pool, spa, club room and view deck. It is located in the heart of Belltown steps away from art, dining and bars&only a short walk to the Pike Place Market and Seattle Center The best feature of this luxury condo is the location. You will be smack dab in the middle of everything. The condo is beautifully decorated with modern furniture and art.. The kitchen is fully equipped for light meal prep. The linens are all cotton as is the down duvet comforter cover You will have access to the pool, gym and rooftop deck with a Puget Sound view. I can be reached at (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) for any help or recommendations from 8 AM to 11 PM Belltown is the hottest neighborhood in Seattle for dining, clubs and art. You will be only a few blocks from the Pike Place Market and in the same building as arguably Seattle's best bakery and best sushi restaurant Take the light rail from the airport to Westlake station, only a few bloNo matter where you're from-you'll feel like a part of the city in this quintessential DT proper location!  Zipcar >>INCLUDED | BRAND NEW BUILDING | ALL inclusive | city and water views | ultimate R&R MASSAGE CHAIR BRAND NEW modern building built in 2013- chic industrial style. All inclusive high end furnishings.  *HUMAN TOUCH TECHNOLOGY MASSAGE CHAIR *ORECK air purifier *Gas hydronic/radiant heating *Gas ranges *Queen sized bed + sleeper sofa (comfortably fits 1 person/2 children) *Free Bicycle parking and maintenance area *APPLE TV *Contemporary/European-style soft close cabinetry  *Rooftop community space with landscaping and Kitchen *Controlled access entry *On major bus lines *Zip Car on site *Engineered hardwood flooring  *Washer/dryer in-unit Quiet West facing 6th floor unit with water views and sunsets! We do have 11 corporate suites, so another unit might work better for you! *STEPS TO PIKE PLACE | PARKING OPTION* https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/3995007 *1 BLOCK TO WATERFRONT | PAmazing view, amazing modern apartment (just opened in NOV 2014), amazing location for site-seeing and socializing - along with a plethora of nearby restaurants. Has THE best rooftop view in all of Seattle.  In the heart of Belltown. Amazing unobstructed view of Puget Sound 3 min walk from downtown restaurants 5 min walk from Space Needle and Seattle Center (Chihuly glass garden, Pacific Science Center) 10 min walk to Pikes place  15 min walk to downtown (Seattle Art Museum, Ferris wheel on Pier) 7 min walk to waterfront and Olympic Sculpture park Modern apartment Cork floors Rooftop, gym Hi, you'll have received an email from key cafe which gives you instructions on how to pick up and drop off keys. The cafe is 2 blocks from the apartment. Please put all the dishes in the dishwasher and run it when you're done.  Please put all the linens in the washer and run it before you leave - thanks! I live in a nearby neighborhood in Seattle so i'll be in touch! "Located between the Retail Core This apartment is stocked with all the amenities, high-speed internet, and Netflix streaming. Great location: 4 blocks from Westlake Center (with Link Light Rail to SeaTac Airport), 6 blocks from Pike Place Market, and 6 blocks from Seattle Center. This studio apartment features a living room area, full kitchen, bathroom, and a lot of closet space. There's a small grocery store across the street, and many restaurants and shops close by. You get the entire apartment to yourself. Everything here is for guests, so you'll have full access to:  - A Full-sized bed (54 in × 75 in). - A single-sized air mattress is available, too. Please let me know before you check-in if you'd like it ready to go before you arrive. - High-speed internet (Wireless Wi-Fi, or you can connect your device directly to the modem.)  - A flat-screen TV with Netflix streaming (account provided), a Roku (with apps such as Amazon video and youtube), a large tower fan, and a clock/radio.  - Full kitchen with refrigerator,Perfect city-stay local for work or play. Within 5-7 blocks, find the Space Needle, Pike Place Market, AMZN and MSFT offices. In the heart of chef Tom Douglas' restaurant empire, you're steps from great meals, cocktails, nightlife, shopping and more! Location, location, location! This is the perfect home-base for your Seattle visit. Built in 1922 and converted to condos in 2007, the building offers a touch of charming character in our high-tech city.  We think of the studio as our “Jewel Box". With windows opening onto an interior courtyard, it's light-filled and quiet – a good retreat at the end of a long day of site-seeing or meetings. Veteran travelers ourselves, we've equipped our “pied a terre" to maximize the urban experience.  (If the Jewel Box is unavailable, check out Swallow's Rest upstairs! There's a link in our profile.) The Neighborhood The Jewel Box is in a pretty perfect location. Here's what you'll find on a 10 minute walk: • Stroll South and you'll be at the Seattle CeClean, newly furnished, entire/private apartment. Quaint courtyard view, and quiet location in the building for a better rest.  Walk everywhere :) Pike Place, Space Needle, Conv. Center, downtown shops and restaurants just minutes away.  Queen bed + daybed that goes up to king width + airbed Cable TV and unlimited NetflixWith an unbeatable 100 Walkscore, this luxurious two bedroom is located in the heart of downtown, next to the washington state convention center, the first nordstroms, many restaurants, bars, movie theatres, and exquisite shopping The building is very modern and has a gym and a fantastic roof deck.  The unit itself is a 1Bed room with a small Den with Desk/Study area. It is very spacious and comfortable at just under 1000 square feet, has central air conditioning (rare in Seattle but useful in the summer when hot), a king sized bed, a balcony and a separate bathtub and shower. Fantastic for the summer.  It's hard to beat the location as it is literally just one block away from the Hyatt hotel and 2 blocks from the convention center. Great for restaurants, shopping e.t.c. Nordstrom is only 2 blocks away and Pike's place market is about 6 blocks downhill! -  1Gig internet with the latest Apple Airport Extreme router for consistent blazing speed with multiple connections  - Unbelievable rThis is a great apartment; perfect for travelers, and the location is great! Across the street from Seattle Center (Space Needle), 2 blocks from Olympic Sculpture, and less than a mile north of the Pike Place Market. Two bedrooms. One with full bed. One with Queen sized bed. Air mattress. Small couch - a little to small to sleep on fully extended.  Kitchen and bathroom with shower. TV with OnDemand. Apartment is yours. Fridge. Silverware etc. Exchange keys. The apartment is a couple blocks from the Lower Queen Anne bar and restaurants district. Belltown offers great coffee shops and pubs as you walk along 1st Ave towards downtown. If you enjoy a run the view of the Sound, its about a 2 minute walk to Olympic Sculpture Park and the Elliot Bay Trail is yours to bike, run, and walk etc. There is a PLETHORA of bus lines and stops in the area, including the D Line, a rapid line that takes you to Ballard, a fun neighborhood that is otherwise hard to get to. The Seattle Center Monorail connecStay in the heart of Seattle at a bargain rate. Our Availability Calendars are always current.  Old World Charm The Virginian Apartments was once an elegant Victorian hotel dating back to 1918 where early Seattle pioneers stayed. Very little has changed in the building. The original granite entry between the school house lamps now has a gold leaf silhouette of Benjamin Franklin tipping his hat to guests as they arrive. The mahogany grand staircase, ornate mirror and original lamp fixtures are still there.  Downtown shopping, amazing restaurants, the waterfront and 5 star hotels just steps away.  This is a 36 unit apartment building with only 2 vacation rentals so you feel more at home than a hotel.  Nestled between Hotel Andra and The Warwick you are in an amazing location for a fraction of what these neighboring hotels charge. Stays at The Virginian offers a vacation of convenience. Being located at the south end of the Belltown Neighborhood puts our guests within walking distance to This is a luxury open 1 bedroom  on 2nd Ave. in the Belltown neighborhood.  There is a queen bed and a very comfortable fold down full bed. There is a view of the bay from your Juliette balcony. Best location to see Seattle. Great building amenities! This condo is located in the same building as one of the best bakeries in Seattle as well as arguably Seattle's best sushi bar. It is a short walk to the Pike Place Market, Seattle Center, the waterfront and the retail core. Walk out your door and be enveloped in the Belltown art and restaurant scene. This is an entire condo home located in a building with a gym, pool and beautiful courtyard. There will be a designated parking place included in the per night cost. I am a longtime Seattle resident and have been active in the local art and restaurant scene. Please ask me for suggestions. I love to share my knowledge. Call any time Belltown is the place to stay in Seattle. There are many restaurants and bars. It is centrally located to the PiWe at Emerald Stays welcome you to our modern and stylish vacation rental condo, in a brand new building located in the hip Belltown neighborhood of Seattle. The absolute best thing about this apartment is the location, located in Belltown, the residential neighborhood of Downtown. You will be steps away from the famous Pike Place Market, Puget Sound Waterfront, Seattle Aquarium & everything Downtown. The Space Needle & the rest of the Seattle Center are also within walking distance. You will also find some of Seattle's best restaurants, cafes, bakeries, bars & lounges, just outside the building. With a Walkscore of 98 and transit score of 100, the building is a "Walker's Paradise". So you can skip renting a car. The Convention Center is just 15 mins walk away. You can also catch buses to all of Seattle from across the block and Zipcars are 3 blocks away. This condo's location makes it ideal for both business and holiday travelers. Since the building just opened up in June 2013, everytWalk to the best spots Seattle has to offer from this centrally located studio apartment in the heart of the Historic Belltown Neighborhood.  Pike Place Market, Space Needle, Shopping District, and Seattle's BEST restaurants and bars This studio apartment is hip and comfortable featuring a queen sized bed with comfy sheets and bedding.  There is a full bathroom.  The kitchen is fully equipped with utensils, spices, and everything you need to cook at home.  An AC unit is available in the summer months. I live here and I love it!   This unit is on the 6th floor and has a partial view of the Puget Sound and the space needle. --Heated Indoor Pool --Gym --Roof-top BBQ with Puget Sound views --Fully-stocked, in-unit kitchen I'll meet you at check in. Walkscore = 97  You will be in walking distance to all the exciting attractions in downtown Seattle has to offer: Pike Place Market (5 minute walk)  Seattle Art Museum (7 minute walk)  Sculpture Park (7 minute walk)  Shopping district (10 minuteA beautiful fully furnished studio in a classic old world building. Located in the heart of Seattle within walking distance of the Pike Place Market, numerous tourist attractions, entertainment and more. This is the perfect location! Did I mention that we have a parking space? Downtown this is incredibly valuable if you want to park and walk around. My studio is very spacious. You have a much bigger kitchen that you may be used to in a studio but it is a great money saver if you don't want to eat out every night. Because the building is old world style it is also super quiet. You won't have to worry about hearing the neighbors or be too worried about them hearing you. This really is a great apartment! We have a secure front door entry and my studio is conveniently located right on the first floor. Getting in is super easy. I will be meeting you upon arrival and will never be too far away if you need me! Anybody visiting Seattle could not ask for a better location! We are located just bRight at the heart of Seattle's fastest-growing area, this fantastic 1Bed is only 4 blocks away from Pike's Place market and has water facing views. It is in on the belltown/pike's place market border (4 blocks to pike's place market), steps to the financial, retail center, waterfront and S Lake Union, and at the heart of all the best restaurants in downtown seattle.  Several highly rated yelp restaurants nearby include: Purple Cafe, Lolla's, Umi (Sushi), Serious Pie, El Gaucho (amazing steak house), Ipanema Grill (all you can eat brazilian steak house 1 block away), Black bottle, Wasabi Bistro, List, RN74 and many others. For breakfast CJs on 1st and Cedar is great.  If you like speakeasy cocktails, bathtub gin, which makes some of the best ones in town is around the corner. Other bars within 3-5 blocks are Foundation Lounge(Techno/House), Amber(Varies), Tia Lou's(Hip-hop), Crocodile (live music), Seesound lounge (Salsa on Sunday nights) and others. - Amazing Roofdeck - Gym  - High Sp*Clear View of New Year's Eve Space Needle FireWorks* Right at the heart of Seattle's fastest-growing area, this fantastic 1Bed is in belltown a few  blocks away from Pike's Place market and has unobstructed south lake union and space needle viewsThis sleek and modern 1 bedroom Seattle Condo is in the heart of Seattle's lively Belltown Neighborhood, full of nightlife, shops and restaurants in every direction. This magnificent Seattle vacation rental condo is in the heart of Seattle's lively Belltown Neighborhood. Visit all the sights that makes Seattle famous; most are within blocks of your front door. Enjoy wandering the Pike Place Market, nibbling on local favorites as you enjoy the abiance that is the soul of Seattle. Stroll over to the Seattle Center, with the Space Needle, EMP, Science Fiction Museum and more. Walk the waterfront, take in Seattle's maritime heritage, and live like a local. This property has a smooth modern vibe.  The charcol and blue palette in the living area is pleasing. Unique touches throughout make this a memorable home away from home. Details invoke the beautiful city of Seattle inside this vacation property and the open floor plan and bar seating make dining in enjoyable. The leather sofa folds out This stylish studio offers big city living for two steps away from everything Seattle has to offer! Walk to Capitol Hill or head to Pike Place Market and enjoy the waterfront. Enjoy easy access to the Convention Center and transit station. Enjoy!!! 1 block away from the Convention Center Transit Station and Paramount Theater.AMAZING EXTERIOR PATIO (OVER 1000 SQ FT!) w/ gas firepit and GORGEOUS PUGETSOUND WATER VIEWS! Open 1 bedroom with full sized bed + COMFY SOFA BED THAT FOLDS INTO A FULL BED!! Brand new, never lived in! GARAGE parking OPTIONS AVAILABLE! Posh, brand new open floor plan in a gorgeous building in a prime location!  Boutique styled decor, everything you will need and if you can't find it- Just ask me!  **garage parking is only $25/night. ALL ESSENTIALS INCLUDED, HAIR DRYER, IRON, KITCHENWARE, ETC. BASIC NECESSITIES OFFERED WITH HOTEL STYLE ACCOMMODATIONS! 47 in. SmarTV with Netflix, Hulu, app.'s galore!! Wifi included in the unit as well - All common areas! Mac stations available for web surfing 24 hours in the lobby area, complimentary tea and coffee too!  HUGE PATIO THAT GOES ON FOREVER! OVERLOOKING PUGET SOUNDS' ELLIOTT BAY! GAS FIREPIT AND PLENTY OF VIEWS!!  24 hour fitness center, HUGE rooftop patio with gas firepit at your doorstep! Literally attached to it! I want to make this the moThis central unit is perfect for anyone looking to live like a local and get the whole urban experience. Seattle Oasis Vacations proudly offer this well appointed condo in the heart of Seattle's Belltown Neighborhood! The neighborhood is known for its eclectic shops, as well as amazing restaurants and its proximity to the main tourist attractions of Downtown Seattle! **Book NOW for US Open Dates 2015.  This condo will have a one week minimum stay during US Open week. This one bedroom one bath unit sleeps up to 4 adults with a queen bed in the bedroom and a queen sized sleeper sofa! The unit has the finest furnishings including Granite Counter Tops, Stainless Steel appliances, hardwood floors and was furnished with everything you need too cook a meal down to the dishes, cookie sheet and glassware!  There is two TVs, one in the living room and one in the bedroom. There is also a balcony off the living room to enjoy. The building, Moda, features the finest of Urban Living, with efficient Lovely apartment in secured buildingSeattle Oasis Vacation Rentals is proud to present this one-bedroom one-bath condominium in the heart of Downtown Seattle's Belltown neighborhood.  This beautiful vacation rental offers all the comforts of a home away from home. This one-bedroom, one-bath vacation condominium in the heart of Downtown Seattle offers a partial view of the city skyline from the Juliet balcony and all the comforts home.  A custom designer kitchen is ready for a quiet evening in, and is equipped with all you might need to whip up just about any meal. This condo sleeps two in comfort, with a queen sized bed in the beautifully decorated bedroom.  A Flat Panel LCD HDTV and WiFi throughout makes it a very convenient business trip or corporate condominium, and secured garage parking is included in the rental. A fitness center on the premises is enough to keep anyone busy. Just a few blocks from Puget Sound and the water front shops, this vacation condo is convenient to everything in Downtown Seattle. Some of theCozy and comfortable one-bedroom apartment located in the heart of Seattle with a walk score of 97. Steps away from Restaurants, Shopping, Music venues, Pike Place Market, Bus line and Monorail!  Access to rooftop deck with amazing Space Needle view! This is my home.  A small but cozy 350 sq. ft (~33 square meter) 1-bedroom with  full kitchen including cookware/eating utensil, full bathroom, Wifi, Roku TV w/ Netflix, washer/dryer, towels, linen, shampoo/conditioner/soap, dishes, hair dryer, iron/ironing board avail in unit.  Bedroom has a full size bed. Our building now requires that we run a background check on our guests.  I'll need your full name, address, email and phone number once reservation is confirmed. There is a great rooftop deck with amazing views and a great place to bbq and grab a beer with friends. I will try and meet and welcome you to the place if I can!  Otherwise, I'll leave you alone to enjoy the city and be available on the phone for anything you need. 97 walk scoBright & Spacious Studio in a secure modern building with tons of amenities...and an enormous closet! This Bright & Spacious Studio is perfect for a getaway or business travel.   Great Downtown Seattle location in a secure modern apartment building complete with a workout gym, wet and dry sauna, indoor pool, beautiful outdoor patio with barbecue units and city view of the Space Needle. IN THE APARTMENT ***BRAND NEW Queen sized mattress (9.29.14) Air conditioning/heat Cable television (HBO) High speed cable internet/WiFi  Washer and dryer Kitchen appliances  Towels and linens Spacious closet IN THE BUILDING: Workout gym Wet and dry sauna Indoor swimming pool and hot tub Pool table Beautiful shared outdoor patio with barbecue units and city views of the Space Needle I am available by phone so please call if you need anything. I will not be available to greet you or see you during your visit. I absolutely love this location. That's why I live here! All of our guests have been very pleasedMAGICAL, SWANKY, BRAND NEW LUXURY APARTMENT, NEVER LIVED IN, is in Downtown Seattle and unlike any other listing on here. Next to the PIKE PLACE MARKET, the trendiest best bars and restaurants, with great building amenities. Hola, Kon'nichiwa, Bonjour, Ni hao, Namaste, Xin Chao !!! *PLEASE TAKE A COUPLE MINUTES TO READ EVERYTHING HERE.  * If this unit is booked, check out my other unit we just launched  https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/6658052 *Please msg me about yourself (age, gender, lifestyle) before booking. Thanks! Thank you for looking at our brand new 500sq apartment studio in Downtown Seattle's Belltown Neighborhood.  In the space, you will have brand new bedding, a 40inch LG TV, a super comfortable couch that is fold-able, WiFi, a well stocked kitchen, tower fan, washer and dryer for laundry, and a lot more. -The best view you will find in Seattle is on our balcony, which is only 20 yards away from your room  -*****ALSO***** check out the Rec room, it has a shuffle board table,  This modern 1 BD apartment located in the vibrant Queen Anne neighborhood, a block from the Space Needle and Key Arena, places you in close proximity to everything Seattle. Here you have the whole city at your fingertips just by walking! This beautifully designed spacious condo is the perfect starting point for your Seattle stay. With a sleeping alcove and new furnishings throughout, this Belltown condo is the ideal home away from home! With a large sleeping alcove, spacious living area and full kitchen, this immaculate studio feels more like a one bedroom condo. Ample enough to sleep four comfortably, you and your guests will have a place to relax and enjoy your time in between trips to the nearby sights like the Seattle Center, Space Needle, Pike Place Market and the amazing Seattle waterfront. Facing the picturesque European courtyard that this building is known for, you can step onto your own private patio and take in the natural ambiance. In addition to a queen size bed, this studio also has a queen size American Leather sofa sleeper. Unlike other sleeper sofas, this one will leave you sleeping well in Seattle. When you aren't exploring the Emerald City or unwinding in your condo, feel free to enjoy the wonderful My studio apartment is on the 21st floor of a modern apartment building. You have a fantastic view of the Space Needle, and downtown. The space is small but very comfortable, and should be plenty of space for two people. The studio apartment is 451 sq ft, but feels very open due to the layout and the large floor-to-ceiling windows. The view is unmatched: the Space Needle is a few blocks away, and you can also see Lake Union and most of Downtown.  The layout is simple, with a bed, table, and armchair. We have a Roku TV, with access to Netflix, Hulu, and more.  The kitchen has an electric stove, oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, sink, and dishwasher. Everything needed if you aren interested in making food. You will have access to the Studio Apartment, first floor lounge and gym, and the rooftop deck. I will be out of town during your stay, but will be available via text for any questions you may have! The apartment is in Belltown, which is towards the west side of Seattle, and nortCozy studio, great location w/wifi, is 2 blocks from the Westlake Center (Light Rail to and from SeaTac Airport), 3 blocks from the Pike Place Market, steps away from the best Tom Douglas restaurants, 7 blocks from Space Needle and Sculpture Park. This studio is on the top floor with great day lighting. There are two big trees in front of the building that makes you feel that you are sleeping in a tree house. The place features a living/sleeping area (the same room), full kitchen, and bathroom. You get the entire place to yourself except a closet which will be locked. I only ask you treat the place and equipment as is your own. Please no high heels on the hardwood area and no jumping around on the floors which would be loud for neighbors in downstairs. You will have access to: - Wireless Wi-Fi - A Queen-sized bed  - Kitchen with refrigerator, stove/oven, microwave, toaster, french press, mixer, and cookware.   - Bathroom with full bathtub/shower, hairdryer, and the essentials.  - Iron.Located in the Belltown neighborhood, this studio has a view of the space needle and a roof deck with great view of the Puget Sound.  Parking available upon request ($20) This residence is has a small courtyard facing balcony which cuts down on street noise on the weekends.  If you would like, there is a 20% discount at the bar I work at if you fancy some bar food and drinks. Guests have access to all the amenities of the building.  Hot Tub, Sauna, Pool and Gym.  Guests will be provided with a FOB to enter the building and a code to enter the residence. I'm required to show guest around the residence when they arrive. I bartend next door at to this residence.  If you come in on a friday night, I'll be you bartender and you WILL have a good time.   Belltown is a great place for visitors to Seattle.  This residence is just 8 blocks away from Pikes Place Market and the Space Needle.  Just 4 blocks from the waterfront and a short taxi ride (or 30 min walk) to the stadiums. There is a majorOver 900 sqft, large open space, beautiful building in South Lake Union which is the hottest up and coming neighborhood. Safe, clean, and comfortable. This ultra modern open 1BR apartment is in a new upscale building, with top of the line finishes. Hola, Kon'nichiwa, Bonjour, Ni hao, Namaste, Xin Chao !!! * If this unit is booked, check out my other units under my profile. * Please msg me about yourself (age, gender, lifestyle) before booking.  * Also be sure to have a picture, and verification. * If possible, let me know your check in and check out times, and if you will need a secured parking spot for a small extra fee. Thank you so much for looking at our apartment in downtown Seattle's South Lake Union neighborhood. In the space, you will have: new bedding, a large flat screen TV equipped with Chromecast for Netflix/Youtube/..., plush fabric and comfortable couch, WiFi, highest quality cabinetry, highest quality kitchen countertops, floor to ceiling glass windows, and a private decThis spacious & beautifully decorated 2 bedroom, 2 full bath apartment is located in the heart of Belltown; within 5 short blocks of Pike Place Market and the Space Needle. The building has an indoor pool, roof-top amenity deck and gym on site. The apartment is beautifully decorated with original artwork gathered from our travels around the world and complimented by contemporary, mid-century furniture. 10 foot floor-to-ceiling windows add to the open feel and offer a perfect view of the lush courtyard and bring in tons of natural light. The living room opens up to a balcony where you can sit outside and enjoy a book while basking in the sun. Although located in the heart of the city; you may never want to leave the confines of the apartment! Location is everything, and our fully furnished condo is located within walking distance to all that Downtown Seattle has to offer, including: Space Needle / EMP...........................5 blocks  Pike Place Market...............................5 Historic loft with soaring ceilings, exposed brick, and walls of windows. 81 Vine is a special building. Originally a factory and book bindery built in 1914, it was developed into condos in 1990 by Geise Architects. The resulting design has a warm mix of industrial elements and historic materials, and the spaces attract a variety of artists and entrepreneurs. 81 Vine is located on a quiet street in Belltown only steps from the Seattle waterfront, Pike Place Market, Space Needle, vibrant nightlife, and restaurants. This loft has 746 square feet of interior space situated on the northeast corner of the building, with 15-foot ceilings and two walls of windows that make it feel light and expansive. Exposed brick, wood, and steel give it a true industrial feel, while custom built-ins and a clever layout make it work of art. The main living spaces downstairs have an upright piano, writing desk, full kitchen, seating areas, and wifi throughout. The bathroom, washer, and dryer are downstairs aJust blocks from Space Needle & 20 min walking to Pike's Place.  Aunt Sally's is the only place in the country that stocks your requested favorite breakfast foods in the kitchen so that you can prepare that all important first meal of the day on us!! Aunt Sally's Studio & Breakfast brings the same exceptional hospitality to the Pacific Northwest that made us famous in San Diego!  We offer the best guest experience in the industry by offering a custom hospitality service that caters to your needs!  You will simply need to tell us what you want in your guest experience and we will accommodate you!  Please read our reviews and search for "Aunt Sally's Vacation Home" to learn about other guests experience and why we are so popular with traveler's all over the world!  WELCOME TO SEATTLE!!! At Aunt Sally's Studio & Breakfast you will have the entire studio to yourself while you enjoy easy access to Seattle's main attractions (downtown, Pike Place Market, Key Arena, Space Needle, Pacific Scie550 s.f. studio with a queen bed and a cush sofa bed! Large bathroom, open living room area, and amazing view from the roof! This studio is ideally located close to all the action, yet very quiet for it's downtown location! Affordable, close to Pike Place Market, quiet Belltown living, minutes to everything! Rooftop access, in-unit washer/dryer, and a large kitchen. I will hand-off the keys to the tenant and walk around the unit or I can provide a key-code to lock box. There are a TON of great restaurants in the neighborhood. Make sure to check for happy hour before you go out! Being minutes away from downtown, you can easily catch a movie, hit the bars, catch a ferry, stroll the waterfront, or enjoy the view from the ferris wheel. There is a ton of public transportation. Your best bet is to walk down to the Westlake area (10 minutes away) and you can catch a bus to a variety of places (in and out of Seattle). If it's nice, I recommend renting a bike from Pronto Cycleshare ((website hiLocation Location Location! It is hard to be this 1 br flat which is conveniently located right by the waterfront and Pike Place Market. A number of great restaurants and coffee shops lie just outside the doorsteps of my flat. Hola, Kon'nichiwa, Bonjour, Ni hao, Namaste, Xin Chao !!! * If this unit is booked, check out my other units under my profile. * Please msg me about yourself (age, gender, lifestyle) before booking.  * Also be sure to have a picture, and verification. * If possible, let me know your check in and check out times, and if you will need a secured parking spot for a small extra fee. Thank you for looking at our brand new 500 sqft apartment studio in Downtown Seattle's Belltown Neighborhood. In the space, you will have brand new bedding, a flatscreen TV equipped with Chromecast for Netflix/Youtube/..., a super comfortable couch, WiFi, a well stocked kitchen, tower fan, washer and dryer for laundry, and a lot more. You will have access to the amazing rooftop which oversRight next to the Space Needle and Pike place, our corporate suite is in the heart of it all. Brand new modern furniture and appliances, gorgeous views of Lake Union. Perfect for employees looking for temporary housing for 3-6 months. Screening incl. Hola, Kon'nichiwa, Bonjour, Ni hao, Namaste, Xin Chao !!! * If this unit is booked, check out my other units under my profile. * I have a few units in this building, if you need accommodations for a larger party * Please msg me about yourself (age, gender, lifestyle) before booking.  * Also be sure to have a picture, and verification. * If possible, let me know your check in and check out times, and if you will need a secured parking spot for a small extra fee. Thank you for looking at our brand new 500 sqft apartment studio in Downtown Seattle's Belltown Neighborhood. In the space, you will have brand new bedding, a flatscreen TV equipped with Chromecast for Netflix/Youtube/..., a super comfortable couch, WiFi, a well stocked kitchen, towTop floor corner unit in the historic 5th Avenue Court building, with airy 11 foot ceilings in the heart of downtown Seattle, featuring gorgeous upgrades and finishes. This top floor corner unit, with airy 11 foot ceilings right in the midst of beautiful downtown Seattle offers guests the perfect location on bustling 5th Avenue! The historic 5th Avenue Court building was originally constructed in 1922 and fully renovated in 2007, boasting craftsmanship that is not available in newer buildings downtown, along with plenty of modern amenities and conveniences. The Luxury Suite features gorgeous upgrades and finishes, and is sumptuously furnished for your luxurious downtown Seattle stay! Perfect for 2 guests, this one bedroom, one bath condominium is cozy, but comfortable, and filled with natural light Major holidays require a 4 or 5 night minimum, depending on the holiday. ***This property does not have complimentary parking. Per an agreement with Hotel 5 Seattle across the street from thLuxury condo @ tourist district - walk to WA State Convention Center(0.4),Pacific Science Ctr & Space Needle(0.5), Pike Place Market(0.4), Theatres. Gym, Media center, Lounges, BBQ & great views of Space Needle. Walkscore 99. Transit Score 100. A 10 x 10 Foot Private room with Sliding doors, stunning views and a Twin XL bed, Luxurious memory foam mattress, satin sheets in a 800 foot Luxury Condo. Private Room, Blazing 1 Gig speed free Wifi,  TV (with Netflix & Amazon Prime), Lounge, Kitchen for Tea, Coffee and Breakfast, Gym, Media Center, Party Lounge, BBQ Will be available for interactions and guidance.  We like people and chatting, if we are not challenged for time. Condo located In Downtown, Walking Distance from all major tourist attractions, restaurants, Convention centers and Direct access from Airport via Link Light rail system 0.2 Miles from West Lake station.  You can take Link Light rail to and from Airport. Have a special need?  Ask us - if we can accommodate, we might be hThe apartment itself is a modern open one-bedroom with hardwood floors and excellent furnishings. The huge windows provide ample light and a spacious feel to the condo. We have furnished this place such that you will feel absolutely at home. Welcome to your our modern and stylish vacation rental condo, in a brand new building located in the hip Belltown neighborhood of Seattle. The absolute best thing about this apartment is the location, located in Belltown, the residential neighborhood of Downtown. You will be steps away from the famous Pike Place Market, Puget Sound Waterfront, Seattle Aquarium & everything Downtown. The Space Needle & the rest of the Seattle Center are also within walking distance. You will also find some of Seattle's best restaurants, cafes, bakeries, bars & lounges, just outside the building. With a Walkscore of 98 and transit score of 100, the building is a "Walker's Paradise". So you can skip renting a car. The Convention Center is just 15 mins walk away. You cLocated On Broadway  just 5 minutes to the convention center, 10 min to Pike Place Market, and so many great bars and restaurants. Broadway is Seattle's eclectic treasure! My apartment is perfect for couples looking for a modern, hip, central location where walking to Seattle's most popular landmarks is not a problem. Hola, Kon'nichiwa, Bonjour, Ni hao, Namaste, Xin Chao !!! * If this unit is booked, check out my other units under my profile. * Please msg me about yourself (age, gender, lifestyle) before booking.  * Also be sure to have a picture, and verification. * If possible, let me know your check in and check out times In the apartment you will have a fully stocked kitchen, with dishes, glasses and utensils. Coffee maker, washer and dryer in the unit. Internet WiFi, TV equipped with Chromecast for Netflix/Youtube/... Air conditioning, A comfortable leather couch, and a comfortable queen bed! The rooftop: see the beautiful Seattle Skyline on this huge rooftop deck. No loud noises Private bedroom with amazing views of DT. Seattle in the heart of downtown. When I am home, I'll sleep on the couch in the living room. The unit is in a very nice, clean, modern bldg. Wifi available. right in the heart of downtown. close to everything you might need. wifi. cable TV. as much as you like. Yes. 4 blocks away from the train stations. should be able to walk to everything too.Via6 is downtown Seattle's hottest new vertical community. This unit has 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bath, Washer & Dryer, Wifi and Sleeps up to 6. The building has a Fitness Center, Movie and Gaming Room, Outdoor Patio and Fantastic Dining on the ground floor. Via6 in Seattle is a brand new property for us, so we will have new photos as soon as possible. Visit our other listings to see how we typically decorate our units and to read our great reviews. Experience downtown Seattle's hottest new vertical community: the amazing Via6. Enjoy everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities. The Via6 is a fantastic home base for your perfect Seattle vacation! The Via6 property is centrally located on 6th Avenue between Blanchard and Lenora Streets. Everything you need is within walking distance and Seattle's excellent public transit system makes it easy to explore the city's wonderful neighborhoods. Via6: •2 Bedrooms with a king bed, a queen bed, anFabulous suite with city views located in Belltown, Seattle's hippest downtown n'hood. Urban living at its best! Great for families or groups. Professionally decorated interiors with modern colors, all amenities, heated pool access, & secure parking. Unit has all new modern furnishings, 50" plasma TV in high definition and a smaller flat screen in the bedroom, both with DVD players. This unit includes wireless internet, and a phone for local and nationwide long distance. Seattle's finest restaurants, cafes, and nightlife are right out your door.  Features include an award-winning garden courtyard with fountains, gym, indoor pool, sauna, spa, large clubroom, stunning view roof-top decks with barbecues, and secure garage parking for one car.  The bedroom has a king size bed, dresser and small balcony.  The living room has a Rowe queen size sleeper sofa with auto inflate/deflate feature, perfect for 2 people. There is also a twin size airbed available in the unit to add to the extra sleepAnother wonderful addition to our Belltown Court properties, this two bedroom, one bathroom condo is the perfect compliment to it's Sister Property Home Port Suite #607. Welcome to Sea to Sky's second Home Port Suite at Belltown Court!  Spacious bedrooms and large living area allow up to six guests to live comfortably in the heart of Belltown, enjoying Puget Sound water view and building amenities.  Freshly designed and new to our inventory, you and your guests can relax in the private condo with brand new furnishings and accessories.  With utilities provided, such as local telephone service, expanded cable and wireless internet access, and everyday conveniences like start up supplies and linens included, you have everything needed to work or play! One complimentary parking spot comes with the rental, which is located in the building's secure parking garage. Guests will have access to the community pool, hot tub, sauna, fitness room and community room/deck. PLEASE NOTE: Our Belltown CoVia6 is downtown Seattle's hottest new vertical community. This unit has 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bath, Washer & Dryer, Wifi and Sleeps up to 6. The building has a Fitness Center, Movie and Gaming Room, Outdoor Patio and Fantastic Dining on the ground floor. Via6 in Seattle is a brand new property for us, so we will have new photos as soon as possible. Visit our other listings to see how we typically decorate our units and to read our great reviews. Experience downtown Seattle's hottest new vertical community: the amazing Via6. Enjoy everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities. The Via6 is a fantastic home base for your perfect Seattle vacation! The Via6 property is centrally located on 6th Avenue between Blanchard and Lenora Streets. Everything you need is within walking distance and Seattle's excellent public transit system makes it easy to explore the city's wonderful neighborhoods. Via6: •2 Bedrooms with a king bed, a queen bed, an1 bedroom, amazing views, clean, washer and dryer, AC/heater. Wireless internet. 650 sq. feet. Parking not available. The view. Wifi included. As much as you like. In the heart of everything Seattle has to offer. Yes- 3 blocks from train station.  best case scenario for me are the guests that check in monday or tuesday and leave by friday. open to weekend guest as well. please inquire about your plans. I am open to share the house on the nights that I am home with one or two more people for a reduced cost. Wifi included. As much as you like. In the heart of everything Seattle has to offer. Yes- 3 blocks from train station.  best case scenario for me are the guests that check in monday or tuesday and leave by friday. open to weekend guest as well. please inquire about your plans. I am open to share the house on the nights that I am home with one or two more people for a reduced cost.The Shelby is centrally located at the intersection of 4th Ave. and Blanchard Street; everything you need is within walking distance! This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathrooms, Washer/Dryer, Gym access, and Sleeps 6. Life at the Shelby is about enjoying everything that Seattle has to offer and beyond. This fantastic vacation rental is located in the middle of Seattle's vibrant Belltown neighborhood, surrounded by world-class shopping, dining, art galleries, museums, and much more! Visit the famous Pike Place Market or attend an exciting ball game without having to venture too far from this perfect central location. The Shelby is centrally located at the intersection of 4th Ave. and Blanchard Street. Everything you need is within walking distance and Seattle's excellent public transit makes it easy to explore all of the city's wonderful neighborhoods. The Shelby: 2 bedrooms with a king bed, a queen bed, and a queen size pull-out sofa 2 full bathrooms with shower and tub  Sleeps 6  950 sIn the Heart of Belltown, Experience Living in the City!! This Unit is Stylish and Convenient. This 1200 Sq Ft, 2-Bedroom Townhouse Style Penthouse includes Two Private Baths and Half Bath. Every window in unit has incredible views of the Puget Sound &Olympic Mountains. Very Private + Spacious Guest Accommodations! The Master Bedroom Upstairs Includes a 20' plasma TV, Private bathroom, Temper-Pedic bed, and Abundant closet space. During the Summer, enjoy a glass of wine on the private balcony while viewing the sunset over the Olympic Mountains. There's nothing quite like breakfast in bed while watching the cruise ships and ferry boats pass by. The north side of the master bedroom has an additional private balcony overlooking the city and Space Needle (See the Fireworks on New Years Eve from This Balcony). The Guest Bedroom is on the Main Level and consists of a Private Balcony, a Bathroom and Incredible Northwest Facing Views and Large Closet Space. The Living Room Consists of a PullouCheck the calendar for one night only deal! LAST MINUTE SALE! Aug (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)/night plus fees and cleaning This is the highest quality 2 bedroom 2 BATH rental in Belltown. COMPLETELY RENOVATED, luxurious and spacious condominium in Seattle's best location. This 900 sf+ condo was completely renovated by an interior designer. Everything is new and done to a very high standard. Kitchen and bathrooms are all new, beds and linens are as good (or better) than those found in 5 star hotels. Take a look at the reviews! The condo is in a quiet part of the building with a view of the lovely European style courtyard.  The unit is luxuriously yet comfortably furnished. Flexible sleeping accommodations make it a great place for both families and groups of adults. Master bedroom: 1 king bed and ensuite bathroom.  Second bedroom: 2 twin beds  OR 1 king bed. Includes a full second bathroom. VERY comfortable sofa sleeper in the living room.  Take advantage of a free underground parking space rI love my apartment and I know you will too! It's bright space that was recently renovated and comfortably fits two. It's minutes away from the Space Needle, Pike Place Market, and some of the city's best bakeries and restaurants. Huge bedroom. Great natural light. Walk anywhere. WIFI. Laundry. Gym. Amazing local restaurants. Five minute walk to the water. 10-15 minute walk to Pike Place. 5 minute walk downtown. Great coffee. Yes! You will be at an intersection that allows you to take as many bus adventures as your heart desires. I also take the train from Westlake to the airport every time I travel (10 minute walk max)The Metropolitan Tower property is centrally located on Westlake Avenue, between 6th and 7th. This unit features 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Kitchen, Washer/Dryer, and Sleeps 6.    AMAZING BUILDING, AMENITIES, AND LOCATION WITH A VIEW!!! The Property Who says you can't have it all? This amazing property is located in one of Seattle's best neighborhoods and is only a few blocks from the legendary Pike's Place market and walking distance to many of Seattle's hot spots. Walk over to Safeco Field and Seahawks Stadium, visit the hottest restaurants and bars or take the monorail to Seattle Center and Key arena. Don't worry, you won't navigate living in this gem of a property alone, you will have access to one of our amazing concierges. Perfect Location Our business travelers will enjoy Metro's prime location. The property is situated near UPS and FedEx with many car rental companies located a few minutes away from our vacation rental. Of course, those of us that lead a busy lifestyle still needThis is an apartment in a brand new building. The layout is an open 1 bedroom where two can sleep in a bed. One more person could sleep on the couch in the living room. Two blocks from Space Needle, walking distance to all major attractions downtown. Amazing community rooftop with grills, a kitchen and mini golf.This spacious 3 bed, 2 bath vacation rental sleeps 7 people. The Centennial Tower is in the heart of the Belltown. At this property enjoy the beautiful views and take advantage of the 24-hour fitness center, indoor pool, and outdoor grilling area. Experience Seattle from our spectacular Centennial Tower property, located in the heart of the Belltown neighborhood. This incredible location is located in a beautiful neighborhood surrounded by businesses, shopping, and historic buildings. You're minutes away from downtown Seattle with easy access to everything this amazing city has to offer! The Centennial Tower is located right on 4th Avenue. This is the perfect central location for a short walk to exciting downtown Seattle, as well as convenient freeway access. Harbor Steps:  -3 bedrooms  -2 full bathrooms with shower and tub  -Sleeps 7  -1286 square feet  Unit Amenities:  -Fully equipped kitchen  -Free wifi and cable tv  -Washer/dryer located in unit  -Ironing board and clothes iron  -HWater views from every window! Step into this modern penthouse located in the heart of Belltown and be amazed at the unparalleled view of marvelous Seattle! Accommodates up to eight people with three bedrooms and three bathroom True Penthouse panache with high ceilings, large windows, wet bar, wraparound terrace and granite gas fireplace.  Views from every window of Lake Union and the Space Needle! Peek-a-boo view of Elliot Bay from the balcony and master suite. High end finishes throughout. Two true Master Suites with king size beds, large walk in closets, 32" flat panel TVs, and full bathrooms. The third bedroom has two twin beds which can be made into a king size upon your request. The sofa in the Living Room is a high end, queen size Comfort Sleeper by American Leather. Excellent sleeper with platform foundation- no metal bars to inhibit a great nights sleep! Remodeled apartment with granite countertops, tile floors in kitchen and bathrooms, wood floor in Living Room and Dining RooComfortable 2Bed in Belltown. Close to the Space needle and to the market. Walk to Downtown, Gates Foundation, Seattle Center, Monorail, Key Arena, Opera House, Museums, Space Needle, Olympic Sculpture Park, Experience Music Project, Pacific Science Center, Pike Street Market, Puget Sound, Cinerama, SIFF, scores of restaurants, art galleries, boutiques, and ferries to Canada and Puget Sound Islands including San Juan - High Speed Internet - Washer/Dryer in the unit - Flat Screen smart TVs in master bedroom and living room  - Kitchen fully equipped with everything from teapot to dishes, salt, pepper e.t.c.  - Deck with partial water views  Clean sheets and towels are included Can't get a reservation for your desired dates? Price isn't right? Want to see more options? Check out our other listings in the area: Cozy 1BD on Pike's Place Downtown - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/2392869 Great Location. 98 Walkscore - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5183938 Great Location. 98 Walkscore 2 - https:/Fully updated by professional interior designer and all new furnishings.  2 Balconies with View of  Elliot bay and the Space Needle  2 king bedrooms  1 loft queen  1 living-room queen couch bed  1 luxury queen air mattress  2 full baths  Best location! Right in the middle of all the action!  Complete with 2 balconies, pool, gym, sauna, hot tub, 5 blocks from Pikes market and the Space Needle.  A representative will meet you for keys at location includes a quick 5 minute tour of amenities. Only when needed. I love the people, restaurants and excitement in living at this location! Bus, taxi, sedan, train are all within a block. Studio right next to the Space Needle and Pike place, our suite  is in the heart of it all. Brand new modern furniture and appliances, gorgeous views of Lake Union. Perfect for employees looking for temporary housing for 3-6 months. Screening incl. Hola, Kon'nichiwa, Bonjour, Ni hao, Namaste, Xin Chao !!! * If this unit is booked, check out my other units under my profile. * I have a few units in this building, if you need accommodations for a larger party * Please msg me about yourself (age, gender, lifestyle) before booking.  * Also be sure to have a picture, and verification. * If possible, let me know your check in and check out times, and if you will need a secured parking spot for a small extra fee. Thank you for looking at our brand new 500 sqft apartment studio in Downtown Seattle's Belltown Neighborhood. In the space, you will have brand new bedding, a flatscreen TV equipped with Chromecast for Netflix/Youtube/..., a super comfortable couch, WiFi, a well stocked kitchen, towerThis tastefully decorated two bedroom condo in the heart of Belltown features amazing Space Needle and Lake Union views and sleeps six people comfortably.  A short walk to the major tourist sites, this building features an indoor pool! Furnished by an Interior Decorator, you will be amazed at the style and comfort of this apartment!  Tastefully decorated with modern touches.  Fully furnished and completely well equipped to offer all of the conveniences of home and the luxuries of an expensive hotel.  Essential starter supplies, wooden hangers, spa towels and plenty of bath towels all provided!  Both bedrooms feature ensuite bathrooms one with a queen size bed, the other with two twins that can be made up as a true king upon request.  The living room features American Leather's famous Comfort Sleeper with a flat platform and thick foam mattress for the ultimate sleeping experience unlike any other sleeper sofa.  This apartment truly sleeps 6 in comfort! >All utilities are provided incluThis magnificent Seattle vacation rental condo is in the heart of Seattle's lively Belltown Neighborhood, walking distance to all that makes Seattle unique.   This magnificent Seattle vacation rental condo is in the heart of Seattle's lively Belltown Neighborhood.   This is a brand new vacation rental for us, and as such, the pictures currently reflect the condo directly next door.  While colors and decor will be different, the floor plan and view will be close enough to be identical.  Any questions about this, please ask. This home away from home is truly walking distance to some of Seattle's best restaurants and the Pike Place Market, as well as the waterfron piers, Seattle Center, and downtown shopping. It's convenient the Convention Center, downtown Seattle employers, Pioneer Square, the stadiums and more, making it an excellent choice for both a vacation rental and corporate housing. This beautiful condo features a Elliott Bay Water View.  This unit as been fully renovated in JuneThis condo is located in the heart of Belltown, directly between Space Needle and the Pike Place Market. Short walk to waterfront, shopping, bars and restaurants. All new furnishings, featuring new cabinets, flooring, carpet, and appliances. This modern condo is in the heart of Belltown and faces a quiet, serene courtyard. Walk out the front door of Belltown Court and you will find streets lined with great places to eat,drink, and shop. The Pike Place Market, Space Needle, the waterfront, and Westlake Center are just a short walk. Because this is a new property, vacation seekers may see more reviews of this (EMAIL HIDDEN) Along with the condo, guests have access to a swimming pool, hot tub, sauna, courtyard, and a top floor deck with grill that overlooks Puget Sound. We are available to answer any questions you may have during your stay with us. The Belltown neighborhood in downtown Seattle is known for its many bars and restaurants as well as it close proximity to all the great attracThis 2-bed, 2-bath condo sleeps 6 and includes a gym, rooftop deck with fire pit and grill, washer and dryer, free WiFi and cable, game room, cyber cafe, and more! The perfect location puts you steps from everything that downtown Seattle has to offer ArtHouse takes center stage in Belltown as one of the city's premier community buildings.  From Pike Place Market to the Seattle Art Museum, your downtown Seattle vacation rental is among icons. Just outside your door is enough music, movies, culture, shopping, and outdoor recreation to keep your itinerary positively overflowing! Located in the heart of the ultra-hip Belltown neighborhood, ArtHouse offers the perfect location for experiencing everything that Seattle has to offer. Just steps away from Elliott Bay's glittering shore, ArtHouse makes waking up on the waterfront a daily reality. ArtHouse -2 bedrooms with queen beds and a pull-out sofa -2 full bathrooms with shower and tub -Sleeps 6 -1000 square feet Nearby Attractions -Pike PlaThis urban suite is tastefully decorated and is fully furnished, offering a beautiful view of the building's fountained courtyard and quiet retreat from the buzz of the city. A/C, parking, pool, hot tub, sauna, fitness center, BBQ, and more! Full Space Needle View!! Experience Seattle's ultimate urban condo living in award winning Belltown Court, located in the heart of the city's hippest Neighborhood! Enjoy the comforts of home while seeing the best the Emerald City has to offer right outside your front door. Close to everything including:  * The Space Needle  * Pike Place Market  * Victoria Clipper  * Experience Music Project museum (EMP)  * Ferries  * Seattle Center  * Olympic Sculpture Park  * Waterfront Boardwalk  * Aquarium  * Premium Shopping  * Trendiest dining only a few steps away! This urban suite is tastefully decorated and is fully furnished, offering a beautiful view of the building's fountained courtyard and quiet retreat from the buzz of the city. Belltown Court featureGreat 1 bedroom apartment near Stadium, Space Needle, Olympic Sculpture Park, and Pike's Place Market.  Just Uber Ride away from trendy Capitol Hill.  Access to rooftop.Brightly lit, corner studio apartment located on 7th floor. Great location- only a few blocks from downtown, the waterfront, Seattle Center, most bus routes and the light link rail.  Includes one double bed and futon.  Credit card W/D on first floor. Absolutely no noise from neighbors - but some noise from street traffic (e.g., ambulances/fire trucks occasionally).   It is also quite well lit even when blinds are closed. Great for those who love the sunshine but not-so-great for those that prefer a very dark apartment in the morning.  City view at night is beautiful.  Can sleep 1 person on the futon, and 1-2 people on the bed (though 1 is recommended - see the photo of the bed to see why). :) Free wi-fi in the apartment.  Apologies for those looking for a TV -- none here! I will not be present at the listing during my guest's stay.  Guests are welcome to call my cell at any time if they have questions or concerns! The location is superb; perfect for out-of-town guests looking to explorWant to be in the heart of the city without bringing it home with you? This beautiful two bedroom, 1.75 bathroom condo is one of our quietest units, overlooking an interior courtyard in one of Seattle's premier Belltown addresses. This condo is brand new to us, and pictures are of a sister property with a similar floor plan. This property is managed by Seattle Oasis Vacation Rentals. We are a family owned business, and work everyday to redefine your vacation rental experience. Your satisfaction, as our guest, is our goal. It is one of the rare vacation properties in the Belltown neighborhood with two bathrooms, so don't let this one get away! It is perfect for family vacations, business associates or a girlfriends weekend away. Building features include an indoor swimming pool, hot tub, sauna, and exercise facilities, as well as a rooftop deck with gas BBQs and 180-degree views of Puget Sound. There is a 24 hour fitness center on sight.  There is also a pool and hot tub, as well as rooSeattle Oasis Vacations is pleased to provide a comfortable and inspiring one bedroom vacation rental condominium in Seattle's exciting Belltown neighborhood. This property is easy walking distance to some of Seattle most popular destinations! Seattle Oasis Vacations is pleased to provide a comfortable and inspiring one bedroom vacation rental condominium in Seattle's exciting Belltown neighborhood. This property is easy walking distance to some of Seattle's best restaurants and the Pike Place Market. It's convenient to all of Downtown Seattle and the Convention Center as well as the many sites for which Seattle is famous, and just blocks from the water front. It's bright and open floor plan with cheerful splashes of yellow make a stylish home away from home. This condo is brand new to us, and professional pictures have not been taken yet. The pictures reflect a sister property. This property is managed by Seattle Oasis Vacation Rentals. We are a family owned business, and work everydaThis beautiful two bedroom, 1.75 bathroom condo is one of our quietest units, overlooking an interior European-style courtyard in one of Seattle's premier Belltown addresses.   Be in the heart of the city, minutes from all that Seattle has to offer! Welcome to your home away from home. This spacious and well equipped kitchen features plenty of space and is open to the living area. Extra large windows provide natural light and look down into an enclosed courtyard area.  It is a pretty and tranquil scene that belies the the fact that you are in the heart of downtown Seattle.  The master bedroom features an ultra-comfortable queen size bed, oversized windows, and en suite full bathroom, as well as access to the unit's deck that overlooks the courtyard.  The second bedroom features plush twin sized beds that can be converted into a king size, upon request.  It also has oversized windows and a courtyard view. The second bathroom has a toilet, sink and shower stall. A premium sleeper sofa (iFeel at home in this amazing 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom condo in the heart of Belltown with water and city views.  **Book NOW for US Open Dates 2015.  This condo will have a one week minimum stay during US Open week. The hustle and bustle of the city is at your front door, with the sights of Seattle, great shopping and world class restaurants all within walking distance.  A remodeled kitchen features new countertops and stainless steel appliances and is fully equipped to please any cook. Master bedroom features a king size bed with high thread count linens. The second bedroom features a queen bed and a small balcony.  The Premium sleeper sofa in the living room sleeps additional guests.  This is the most comfortable sleeper on the market with a Tempur-pedic Mattress.   For your convenience this condo also features wireless high speed internet, local phone, cable TV, and a stacked washer and dryer. We are in the heart of everything with Pike Place Market only 5 blocks away, as well as the SpOur cool and modern large 1-bedroom (800 sq feet) condo in perfect location in downtown Seattle. Right above whole food, surrounded by restaurants and coffee shop, a few blocks away from all the shops in downtown. It has concierge and hotel-grade gym and sauna.The Shelby is centrally located at the intersection of 4th Ave. and Blanchard Street; everything you need is within walking distance! This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathrooms, Washer/Dryer, Gym access, and Sleeps 6.    Life at the Shelby is about enjoying everything that Seattle has to offer and beyond. This fantastic vacation rental is located in the middle of Seattle's vibrant Belltown neighborhood, surrounded by world-class shopping, dining, art galleries, museums, and much more! Visit the famous Pike Place Market or attend an exciting ball game without having to venture too far from this perfect central location. The Shelby is centrally located at the intersection of 4th Ave. and Blanchard Street. Everything you need is within walking distance and Seattle's excellent public transit makes it easy to explore all of the city's wonderful neighborhoods. The Shelby: 2 bedrooms with a king bed, a queen bed, and a queen size pull out sofa | 2 full bathrooms with shower and tub  Sleeps 6  Brand new modern 1BR unit on the 17th floor with stunning views of the Puget Sound and Downtown Seattle. Modern furnishing and appliances. Located in the heart of Seattle, in Belltown, walking distance to downtown, Space Needle and Pike's Place! Modern and roomy 1 BR apartment. Entire Apartment Minimal and as required "Located between the Retail Core and Seattle Center, Belltown is one of Seattle's most hip, youthful neighborhoods and contains much of Downtown Seattle's residential base. Home to a mix of jazz and rock venues, pool halls, cafes, unique boutiques and thrift shops, this vibrant neighborhood also plays host to many of Downtown's hottest restaurants, bars and nightclubs." The building is also walking distance from attractions such as the Space Needle, Pike's Place Market, the waterfront, Lake Union and Downtown Seattle (15 min walk each). There is a bus stop right outside the building with convenient access to Downtown and other neighborhoods like Queen Anne, Ballard and FrRight next to the Olympic Sculpture Park, just few blocks from the Space Needle and Pike place. Walking distance to exquisite restaurants, caffes & shopping district. Modern furniture and appliances.Just a nUber ride from the trendy Capitol Hill, This is a very charming and spacious 1 bedroom condo. There are lots of closet space. In the den area there is a desk where you can plug in your laptop. The building is very quiet, you can hardly hear noises from the street. The unit is on the top floor and it is very bright. Guests will be provided with a FOB key to enter the building and a key to the residence I'll welcome you and make sure you are settled on the day of your arrival.  A day before check-in I will contact you about arrival time and key hand off. The night before check-out date, I will contact you regarding check-out time and key. I am open to all forms of communication. Preferably Airbnb messaging, texting or email. Feel free to message me with any questions before you book. Luxury apt in the heart of DT Seattle. Walkscore of 99. 10 min walk gets you to: Westlake Mall, Monorail train, Space Needle, Pike Place Market, TONs of restaurants/bars, Convention center 1st floor: bar/res,grocery,pizza place,coffee,gym,deli Premium luxury apt with ammenities: wood floors, granite counter tops, powerful ventilation system, high ceilings, floor to ceiling windows, 4K HDTV in living toom, 32inch TVs in each bedroom, 100MBPS high speed internet, washer dryer in apt, TV (DVR w/HBO, Cinemax, all HD) 99 Walkability Score.  10min walk to Light Rail station providing transportation directly from Sea-Tac AirportA studio with stunning waterfront view worth the price of admission in upscale location. Within 2-minute walk: The Space Needle, EMP Museum, Key Arena, The Olympic Sculpture Park. Within 10: World class restaurants, bars, clubs and Pike Place Market. Looking for that perfect spot to take-in all of Seattle?   Check out my waterfront studio located close to the Space Needle - that includes a private view of the Olympic Sculpture Park.  The building is located in an upscale neighborhood with some of the best restaurants, bars and clubs in Seattle ... all within walking distance. This studio comes equipped with everything you'd expect of a place (and a lot more): Washer, Dryer, Air Conditioning (a rarity in Seattle), Wi-Fi, a 42 inch TV (with HDMI cable to plug in your devices!), extra monitor for dual view (if you're working), a 20 watt practice amp (for musicians), a nice corner desk for people in town that also need to do work - and most importantly: a Queen Size Simmons Beauty Rest to Best place to ring in the new year with the *best* private views of the space needle fireworks in the entire city. Remarkable space and location. Just under 2000 square feet. In a 99 Walkscore area close to the Westin, Hyatt and Convention Center. Comes with two king beds, 3 bathrooms and up to 3 additional rollaway beds upon request.  Great for restaurants, shopping e.t.c. Nordstrom is only 2 blocks away and Pike's place market is about 6 blocks downhill on the same street! Includes gigabit-speed internet, kitchen utensils, cutlery e.t.c. for 8, a washer/dryer, clean/fresh linens, modern furnishings and everything you need to have a fantastic experienceCheck the calendar for mid week sales and one night only deals!  COMPLETELY RENOVATED! Luxurious and spacious condominium (over 900 square feet) with 2 bathrooms in Seattle's best location. We purchased this condo in 2011 and had it completely renovated by an interior designer. Everything is new and done to a very high standard. All new kitchen and bathrooms--this is the highest quality 2 bedroom/2 bath available in all of Belltown. Beds and linens are as good (or better) than those found in 5 star hotels. The condo is in a quiet part of the building with a view of the lovely European style courtyard.  The unit is luxuriously yet comfortably furnished. Flexible sleeping accommodations make it a great place for both families and groups of adults. Master bedroom: 1 king bed and ensuite bathroom.  Second bedroom: 2 twin beds + trundle OR 1 king bed. Includes a full second bathroom. Sofa sleeper in the living room with the upgraded VERY comfortable mattress.   Take advantage of a free unde    The Metropolitan Tower property is centrally located on Westlake Avenue, between 6th and 7th. This unit features  1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, Community Pool, is Family Friendly, and Sleeps 4.        FIRST CLASS BUILDING AND FANTASTIC LOCATION!!! The Property Who says you can't have it all? This amazing property is located in one of Seattle's best downtown neighborhoods and is only a few steps from the legendary Pike's Place market and walking distance to many of Seattle's hot spots. Walk over to Safeco Field and Seahawks Stadium, visit the hottest restaurants and bars or take the monorail to Seattle Center and Key arena. Don't worry, you won't navigate living in this gem of a property alone, you will have access to one of our amazing concierges. Perfect Location Both Families and Business Travelers will enjoy Metro's prime location. Of course, those of us that lead a busy lifestyle still need to eat, but fortunately, the Metropolitan is close to many of Seattle's finest restaurants. ManThe Metropolitan Tower property is centrally located on Westlake Avenue, between 6th and 7th. This unit features 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Kitchen, Washer/Dryer, and Sleeps 6.             AMAZING BUILDING, AMENITIES, AND LOCATION WITH A VIEW!!! The Property Who says you can't have it all? This amazing property is located in one of Seattle's best neighborhoods and is only a few blocks from the legendary Pike's Place market and walking distance to many of Seattle's hot spots. Walk over to Safeco Field and Seahawks Stadium, visit the hottest restaurants and bars or take the monorail to Seattle Center and Key arena. Don't worry, you won't navigate living in this gem of a property alone, you will have access to one of our amazing concierges. Perfect Location Our business travelers will enjoy Metro's prime location. The property is situated near UPS and FedEx with many car rental companies located a few minutes away from our vacation rental. Of course, those of us that lead a busy lifestyle sThe flat is a beautiful unit with spectacular views of the city. High ceilings, hardwood floors. it's a corner unit, so it has extra windows to enjoy your view. There's plenty of light; it's facing SE by NW - access view to the Space Needle. Have the whole flat to yourself, and your guest in one of Seattle's most historical buildings! In the heart of Belltown, one of Seattle's hippest neighborhoods. The apartment is located only a few blocks away from the Lake Union where the fireworks are launched.  This place even includes free WIFI throughout the apartment through the use of a laptop only. For your convenience, the washer and dryer is right in the building. Equipped with a full kitchen, including a dishwasher, refrigerator, and range.... Cook your favorite meals with natural produce available (only 5 blocks away at the famous Pike Place Market).  The apartment is a beautiful unit with spectacular views of the city. High ceilings, hardwood floors. it's a corner unit, so it has extra Be in the heart of it all! My apartment is walking distance to everything. Many of the city's best restaurants & bars are a stone throw away, the Space Needle is a 15 minute walk away, as is Pike Place Market. Walk everywhere, experience everything. This cozy and convenient 1 bedroom, 1 bath Belltown apartment has everything you might need for an amazing trip to Seattle. A super comfy queen sized bed rests on an elegant vintage inspired bed frame in the bedroom. Get some last minute tasks done at the work desk, using our wifi. The kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator, stove, oven, dishwasher, and cookware, so whipping up something good to eat is as easy as it is at home! The wooden dining table seats 4, so you can even have a couple of friends over for a homemade dinner. There's also a breakfast bar with stools, where you can sip your morning coffee. Heating and access to laundry facilities are also available for your convenience. This incredible location in the heart of Belltown pu3 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, sleeps 7, Fitness Center, community BBQ, Free WiFi and Cable, Amazing Views of the Elliot Bay and a short walk to the waterfront. Experience urban downtown living at the beautiful and modern Olympus. Only a short walk away from Elliot Bay and the beautiful Seattle waterfront, Olympus offers beautiful views alongside an extremely accessible location.   Located in the heart of the Belltown neighborhood, this spot offers easy accessibility to downtown life while providing a spacious, relaxing, urban space. You can experience the best of Seattle living as you enjoy your morning coffee at the Seattle Art Museum Olympic Sculpture Park, conveniently located across the street, or venture out to experience Seattle's finest dining.  Olympus •3 bedrooms with a king, 2 queens, and a pull-out sofa •2 full bathrooms with shower and tub •Sleeps 7 •921 square feet  Nearby Attractions •Pike Place Market: 0.8 mile •IMAX Theater: 0.3 mile •Seattle Aquarium: 0.9 mile •Pacific SciencA cozy urban studio with a view to love. Right across the Olympic Sculpture Park and close to Belltown Live across a breathtaking view of the Elliott Bay in the hippest parts of Seattle, Belltown. Right across the Olympic Sculpture Park for the arts lovers. Only three blocks from The Space Needle and Seattle Centre, ideal for a great vacation. Only a mile from heart of Downtown Seattle and Pike Place market and the oldest Starbucks :) 5GHz WiFi Washer/dryer Balcony Full kitchen with Dishwasher I live in this urban studio and the space is available only when I am out of town or on vacation. So you won't be seeing me. But one of my friend will hand over the key to you and brief you about the place :) Very well connected with Seattle by King Country Metro and Rapid Ride buses. Nearest southbound bus stop is 2 blocks and nearest northbound bus stop is only 1 block. Only 1 mile from Westlake Station for direct light rail to airport This is dog friendly apartment complex , so be ready to be This top floor, bright and airy condo will provide you a Seattle experience like no other.  Enjoy the city like a local, while being in the middle of vibrant downtown Seattle! Seattle Oasis Vacation Rentals is pleased to provide this comfortable and newly renovated 1 bedroom vacation rental condominium in Seattle's hip and exciting Belltown neighborhood.   This fresh and beautiful vacation rental is easy walking distance to some of Seattle's best restaurants and the Pike Place Market. It is convenient to all of Downtown Seattle's attractions and the Convention Center, as well as downtown Seattle employers, the Seattle Center and waterfront, making it an excellent choice for both a vacation rental and short and long term corporate housing. This beautiful, seventh floor, vacation condo features a view into our serene and peaceful European-style courtyard.  Enter the property and immediately you notice the abundant natural light that floods the living area from the over-sized windows, eveThis is a full equipped and well-appointed self catered 2 Bedroom condo in Seattle's fashionable Belltown district, so close to everything you don't need a car with a WalkScore of 97. You are just blocks to the famous Pike Place Market, Seattle's Space Needle and Seattle Center, Convention Center and our vibrant waterfront.  This property is managed by Seattle Oasis Vacation Rentals.  We are a family owned business, and work every day to redefine your vacation rental experience.  Your satisfaction, as our guest, is our goal.  Seattle Oasis Vacation Rentals presents this fully equipped 2 Bedroom vacation 1 bathroom rental condo in Seattle's fashionable Belltown district. This beautiful accommodation is perfect for up to 6 guests. This is one of our quietest Belltown condos, with a beautiful view of a landscaped, greenery-filled, European-style courtyard from the fifth floor of a seven floor building. Enter into an open and airy floor plan that feels bigger than its listed 783 square feeThis cozy two bedroom offers your own private patio deck and a (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) dollar view of the Space Needle from the comfort of "home". This beautiful two bedroom, 1 bathroom modern condo is located where Belltown meets the Seattle Center and is located in the shadow of Seattle's world famous Space Needle. Nightlife, clubs, museums, restaurants and the arts are all just steps from your door in this modern two bedroom condo.  Located in Seattle's Belltown neighborhood and one block away from the Seattle Center, you are in the heart of Seattle's urban core.  Enter into this tasteful and restful condo and see an interior you'll be proud to call home, even for a short stay.  The living area has Karndean wood floors, and expansive windows, letting in Seattle's wonderful natural light.  The kitchen boasts stainless steel appliances, granite countertops and walnut cabinets, and is stocked with all the implements you'll need to cook comfortably.  A full sized washer and dryer in the cEnter into a space of  elegent 1920's period touches in a condo in the heart of all that Seattle has to offer. Your home away from home is a classic 1921 brownstone that was completely renovated in 2007. This condo has 10 foot coved ceilings, french doors, subway tile in the bathroom, and hardwood floors throughout.  Combined with these classic elements is a modern aesthetic that will provide you a tasteful and comfortable home base for your Seattle visit.  Just six blocks from Seattle's Puget Sound water front, the Pike Place Market, and Seattle Center, you will have a local's access to downtown Seattle and all of our city's famous sights. This walk-up condo in the vibrant Belltown Seattle neighborhood sleeps up to six in comfort and style. We provide plenty of interaction with our guests.  We communicate check in instructions via email prior to your arrival, with plenty of time to allow questions prior to your departure.  We also have a smart phone app, for those who prefer electroniExperience Seattle's ultimate urban condo living in award winning Shelby, located in the heart of the city's hippest Neighborhood! Enjoy the comforts of home while seeing the best the Emerald City has to offer right outside your front door. Close to everything including:  * The Space Needle  * Pike Place Market  * Victoria Clipper  * Experience Music Project museum (EMP)  * Ferries  * Seattle Center  * Olympic Sculpture Park  * Waterfront Boardwalk  * Aquarium  * Premium Shopping  * Trendiest dining only a few steps away!This spacious studio in a desirable Belltown location is just steps from restaurants, shops, bars and not to mention around the corner from Space Needle and Pike's Place! Couch turns into queen size bed space for 2 to sleep on. Prior arrangement for check in will be made with you as well as a meeting place which is normally at the Rite Aide across the street or at the building itself. These arrangements will be sent to you via message on airbnb the day before or day of your arrival. It is important to know what time you are checking in so these such arrangements can be made as to where to meet. I'm available to you 24 hours a day while your staying in my place. If you need anything, please feel free to ask.Remarkable space and location. Just under 2000 square feet. In a 99 Walkscore area close to the Westin, Hyatt and Convention Center. 2 king beds in separate bedrooms and two rollaway beds available. Great for restaurants, shopping e.t.c. Nordstrom is only 2 blocks away and Pike's place market is about 6 blocks downhill on the same street! Includes high-speed internet, a large 60 inch flat screen TV, a washer/dryer, clean/fresh linens and modern furnishings.Live the loft life in the heart of Seattle's Belltown neighborhood! Enter the condo and you can head upstairs to the loft style bedroom or into the spacious Living area with a new luxury sofa sleeper.  The open floor plan, typical in a Loft style condo, allows you to enjoy the view through the floor to ceiling glass from anywhere in the room.  Comfortable seating, updated decor, flat screen television, local telephone service, internet access, laundry in condo, and so much more!The bedroom, with a queen size bed, is on the second level, with a half wall, overlooking the Living Space.  Lots of space, with two bathrooms, one on each level.  You will not be disappointed with the accommodations here! Walk Score: 92!   One complimentary parking spot comes with the rental, which is located in the building's secure parking garage.   Guests will have access to the community pool, hot tub, sauna, fitness room and community room. PLEASE NOTE: Our Belltown Court Condos require personal check in sWelcome to Seattle Oasis Vacations, your home away from home. In our Downtown Seattle Condo located in the lively Belltown Neighborhood.  This condo sets its self apart as it has an ideal location to visit the main attractions in the city with being in the middle of the downtown scene. We have the finest finishes, sleek design, and an Amazing City View! Professionally designed, this Brand New condo building and this unit features a juliet balcony, granite and stainless finishes, and all that you will need to cook with while you are staying in our place! You'll be walking distance to nearly all that Seattle has to offer! 2 Block to Starbucks 5 Blocks to Waterfront shops, walking and bike trails 5 Blocks to the Pike Place Market 6 Blocks to Victoria Clipper 7 Blocks to Olympic Sculpture Park 6 Blocks to Space Needle, Experience Music Project, Pacific Science Center, Key Arena, and the rest of Seattle Center .6 Miles to Seattle Art Museum .8 Miles to the Seattle Aquarium .8 Mile to the UnContemporary large studio with a fully equipped kitchen and spacious bathroom in addition to an outdoor shared patio Located in the heart of Belltown, only a few blocks away from various attractions; Pike Place Market, Space Needle, clubs and bars (Foundation, Tia Lou, Amber and many others), and several highly rated restaurants including: Serious Pie, Dhalia Lounge, Umi, El Gaucho, Wasabi and other great locations. Bus stops are located on the same block and underground parking can be reserved for an additional fee.Great studio condo in Belltown.  Walk to downtown or Seattle Center!  Wi-Fi Internet included.... Roof-top Patio with Grills available for use.  Great view of downtown, the Space Needle and Lake Union! Belltown is lively part of downtown Seattle.  Some great restaurants and bars all within walking distance.  A lot to choose from within walking distance including Pike Place Market, Seattle Center and Key Arena!  There is a bus stop 2 blocks west on 3rd Avenue that is very handy as well. Usually late check-out is not a problem so if you need it please ask! Stay in the heart of town, 20 floors up from the city and mere blocks from many of its landmarks - the water, the Space Needle, the sculpture garden, the foodie spots, the music  scene.... You'll feel suspended in air by floor to ceiling windows in this modern, urban corner unit. Located on the 20th floor of one of Belltown's best-regarded luxury skyrises, my one-bedroom, corner apartment has floor-to-ceiling windows in two directions, allowing for sweeping views of downtown and Puget Sound.  The space is modern and bright, with funky details including artwork featuring all originals made by local artists. I love it here, but I travel a lot for work and I love staying in other folks' homes, so I am thrilled to open it up for others' enjoyment while I'm away. I've been an Airbnb host in Oakland (see my other listing for more information) and have cherished the opportunity! You have full access to the entire apartment - I'll see to it that you get in and settled, but after that - it's yo2,100 square feet of stunning water vistas and opulent furnishings. With plenty of room for 9 you can't go wrong in this gorgeous penthouse.  Located across the street from the Olympic Sculpture Park and just 2 blocks to the waterfront. Slip off your shoes and step into downtown luxury living courtesy of Sea to Sky Rentals. Once inside this sprawling 2,100 square foot apartment with central heat and air conditioning, you might be tempted to just experience Seattle from the 14th floor! Nine foot ceilings and sweeping views of the sound greet you when you first enter. A gas wrap around fireplace in the living room invites you to sit down, relax and soak in the elegant feel of the penthouse.  A grand 55" flat panel TV with streaming Blu-ray player adds to the comfort of your surroundings.  Fold out one of the two living room sofas to a king size bed with a thick foam mattress. This convertible sofa has a solid base without the bars so you have a peaceful night sleep. French doors off the The Metropolitan Tower property is centrally located on Westlake Avenue, between 6th and 7th. This unit features 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Kitchen, Washer/Dryer, and Sleeps 6.    AMAZING BUILDING, AMENITIES, AND LOCATION WITH A VIEW!!! The Property Who says you can't have it all? This amazing property is located in one of Seattle's best neighborhoods and is only a few blocks from the legendary Pike's Place market and walking distance to many of Seattle's hot spots. Walk over to Safeco Field and Seahawks Stadium, visit the hottest restaurants and bars or take the monorail to Seattle Center and Key arena. Don't worry, you won't navigate living in this gem of a property alone, you will have access to one of our amazing concierges. Perfect Location Our business travelers will enjoy Metro's prime location. The property is situated near UPS and FedEx with many car rental companies located a few minutes away from our vacation rental. Of course, those of us that lead a busy lifestyle still needSeattle Oasis Vacation Rentals is proud to present this one-bedroom one-bath condominium in the heart of Downtown Seattle's Belltown neighborhood.  This beautiful vacation rental offers all the comforts of a home away from home. We have a walkscore of 98/100, hard to find a more ideally located place in all of Seattle! Great for those coming into town for Trade shows at convention center as is less than a mile.  Take the Central Link Light rail from the airport to Westlake station, and we are just short walk, cab or free bus from there!  Should you be coming with a car, we include free parking for one car with rental, which many hotels charge $25-$45 a night for! This property has a  fully furnished Kitchen, Wi-Fi, Cable, Internet, Phone, and a in unit washer/dryer!  Your Belltown Oasis is furnished with a queen sized bed in the bedroom, and a queen sized sleeper sofa in the living room. All the comforts of home, but while traveling, and the privacy of your own place. Other great featuLocated in Belltown Seattle. Walk everywhere while you stay with us!Historic renovated studio apartment that has 98 walk score and is only a 10 minute walk to Pike Place Market. It's a corner unit apartment with 13-foot ceiling and has all the essentials. Top Pot Donuts (best Seattle donuts) is right next door! This studio condo is in downtown Seattle right in the center of everything! You'll be within walking distance of Pike Place Market, Space Needle, Chihuly Garden and Glass, EMP Museum, and Pacific Science Center. You have access to the full studio apartment. There are free water bottles in the fridge. The kitchen also has free disposable utensils/cups/plates for you to use. You can find extra towels in the closet on top of the shelf. I'll be available to help should any issues come up. I live and work very close to downtown. Belltown is a great neighborhood and is at the heart of everything. Pike Place market, Space Needle, EMP Museum, and Chihuly Garden and Glass are all within walking distance. If you're coming from the airport, the most cost-e*Clear View of New Year's Eve Space Needle FireWorks* Right at the heart of Seattle's fastest-growing area, this fantastic 1Bed is in belltown a few  blocks away from Pike's Place market and has unobstructed south lake union and space needle viewsYou'll walk into this lovely condo and be amazed at the charm it exudes. Furnished by interior designer owner & it shows! All your comforts are addressed in this home. Juliet balcony has peek view of the water & of course the beautiful Emerald City! Unit has all new modern furnishings, 50" plasma TV in high definition and a smaller flat screen in the bedroom area, both with DVD players. This unit includes wireless internet, and a phone for local and nationwide long distance. Seattle's finest restaurants, cafes, and nightlife are right out your door.  Features include an award-winning garden courtyard with fountains, gym, indoor pool, sauna, spa, large clubroom, stunning view roof-top decks with barbecues, and secure garage parking for one car.  This a very well laid out studio and has a very spacious feel. Bedroom area has partial walls for a little privacy and  has a king size bed w/ a smaller tv. Just off the bedroom area is a walk-in closet w/ small dresser and full size washer & drPIKE PLACE MARKET | BEST LOCATION IN DT SEATTLE | GUARANTEED! BRAND NEW-NEVER LIVED IN | BREATHTAKING PUGET SOUND/ELLIOTT BAY VIEWS FROM  LIVING/BEDRM AND PATIO. TRUE RESORT STYLE STAY IN THE CITY! 98% WALKABILITY | PARKING OPTIONS! BRAND NEW |  600 sf 1 bedroom  Modern design, West facing water view PLUSH unit! RESORT style amenity package! Filled with games, books, area maps, etc.  Wood flooring in living areas, W/D in unit, BRAND NEW-never lived in modern condo! Stainless appliance package, quartz countertops and all essentials of home provided!  Bedroom details a queen sized bed with Hotel Collection bedding plus lots of extra linens for additional occupants! Sleeping sound noise machine provided for those not used to "city living" noises.  Bathroom equipped with all toiletries, step-in shower. Patio overlooking the Puget Sound and Olympic Mountain ranges! You won't want to miss this sunset!  Living area sofa sleeper folds down into a full sized bed to accommodate a total of 4 occuCant beat this location!Private room & private bath in a 2 bdrm apartment on the 6th floor, in the heart of downtown Seattle. Shared with 1 female roommate, and her 2 cats. The room has one full bed. walking distance to everything!! save that uber $$ I have a private bedroom available with private full bath. In December from the 23rd to the 3rd of Jan the entire 2 bdrm, 2 bath will be available with a 4 day minimum. The apartment is a corner unit, 2 bed/2 bath, 1050 sq. feet, that I share with my amazing (female) roommate! It's located on the 6th floor of a high-rise building in the heart of Seattle, just blocks away from Pike's Market, the Space Needle, and the Puget Sound (we have views of both the Sound, mountains, and the Space Needle from the outdoor balcony:). You will have access to all of the common areas (kitchen, family room, dining room, balcony with bistro table and chairs set) in addition to the bedroom and bath. My roommate has her own separate room and bath. We have a TVFeel right at home as you walk into this spacious and comfortable one bedroom condo, fully furnished and redecorated.  Ideal Belltown district location whether you are here for business or pleasure! Sea to Sky Rentals presents a spacious one bedroom condo in the heart of Belltown. Located on the sixth floor of a mid-rise residential building, you have a wonderful NW view including the Puget Sound and the city.  Enjoy the Sound view from the Living Room and balcony as well as the bedroom.  The condo is completely furnished and provides all utilities including cable television, local telephone service and wireless internet access. Accommodating from one to four people, this condo is perfect for the traveling professional, a close knit group of friends or a small family visiting Seattle for holiday.   Easily accessible to the Safeco Field and Centurylink Stadium by public transportation. One complimentary parking spot comes with the rental, which is located in the building's secure parkinDo you want to have the city at your feet, literally and figuratively? How about a penthouse view at a truly reasonable rate? This modern and sophisticated residence is in one of downtown Seattle's premiere addresses. This property is managed by Seattle Oasis Vacation Rentals. We are a family owned business, and work everyday to redefine your vacation rental experience. Your satisfaction, as our guest, is our goal. Walk into an open living space, with fully equipped kitchen, stocked for most basic cooking needs. We provide basic spices and olive oil along with the pots, pans, dishes, flatware and more. A tastefully decorated living room area with Karndean wood floors provide luxuriously comfortable seating, as well as a pull out queen-sized tempur-pedic sleeper sofa for extra guests. The dining table is nestled against the nearly floor-to-ceiling windows, and will provide an amazing view with your meal.  The bedroom features a comfortable queen sized bed, high thread count sheets and aBreathtaking views.  Centrally located, tastefully furnished, private room with private bath en-suite. Luxury in trendy heart of Seattle - Belltown. Next to Space Needle Business or pleasure - ideal Seattle base.  Walk score 86.   Elegantly furnished quiet private room with its own private en-suite bath, high-speed internet, and breathtaking views from the 20th floor overlooking Seattle Center and Lake Union. Space Needle as your "night-candle" in the window.  Centrally located, safe and secure building with 24-hour attended front-desk. Walk Score 86; Transit score 94. The room has bay-windows that overlook the Space Needle, Puget Sound, Lake Union & Seattle skyline. Tempurpedic queen-bed,  high-speed wireless internet, large closet, glass-top writing desk and adjustable chair.  You will be in a most accessible, elegant and safe neighborhood of Seattle. Ideal location - whether you are in Seattle for business or pleasure. Walk to Downtown, Convention Center, Gates Foundation, Seattle CAre you a creative professional constantly on the go? Well, you'll have the best of both worlds in this modular loft that goes from working area to living space. All the supplies you need to work and relax while on the road. With a walk score of 97+. Are you a creative professional constantly on the go? Well have the best of both worlds in this modular space that easily goes from working area to living space. All the supplies you need to work and relax while on the road. With a walk score of 97+ The ENTIRE space will be yours to relax with tons of closet space. Stay in the creative space & music studio of a local technology start-up. When not rented on AirBnB this space is used by a creative agency for brainstorming sessions, events and content creation. By night in turns into the perfect location near restaurants and bars. This loft has: Secure Parking Washer and Dryer Gym Access Rooftop Patio /w 2 BBQ grills Full Kitchen /w Gas Range, Microwave, Juicer, Blender, Espresso Maker and DiCome check out this cozy unit decorated with crisp decor. This ultra modern one bedroom condo ls decorated in shades of slate and gray and looks out to the Seattle city skyline and a peek-a-boo view of Elliott Bay. This ultra modern one bedroom condo ls decorated in shades of slate and gray and looks out to the Seattle city skyline and a peek-a-boo view of Elliott Bay. Seattle Oasis Vacations is pleased to provide this fresh and modern one bedroom vacation rental condominium in Seattle's dynamic  Belltown neighborhood. This property is easy walking distance to some of Seattle's best restaurants and the Pike Place Market. It's convenient to all of Downtown Seattle and the Convention Center as well as the many sites for which Seattle is famous, and just blocks from the water front.   The Seattle Center and Space Needle are also walking distance, making this the perfect location if you are coming to enjoy our fantastic city! This condo sleeps up to 4 guests and includes a fully equipped kLuxury, Amenities, Location, and Views! Recently renovated, this 856 sf one-bedroom has a balcony, central a/c, and city views on the 10th floor. The building features an expansive courtyard, indoor pool, hot tub, and exercise facilities.  Come experience true luxury living in the heart of downtown. Nothing is left out or overlooked at the Metropolitan Tower. Get the luxury amenities you'd get at a hotel with all the convenience, privacy, and space of a vacation rental.   This apartment is a large 856 square feet, featuring city views from it's private balcony.  Bedroom features luxury queen-size bed and a high end uncommonly comfortable true queen-size sleeper sofa in the living room sleeps an additional 2 people for a maximum occupancy of 4 guests. The upscale sleeper sofa has no bars to wreck a good night's sleep and a thick foam mattress for the ultimate in comfort.   The apartment features central heat and air conditioning to keep you comfortable year round. A large fully equippedThe Metropolitan Tower property is centrally located on Westlake Avenue, between 6th and 7th. This unit features 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Kitchen, Washer/Dryer, and Sleeps 6.    AMAZING BUILDING, AMENITIES, AND LOCATION WITH A VIEW!!! The Property Who says you can't have it all? This amazing property is located in one of Seattle's best neighborhoods and is only a few blocks from the legendary Pike's Place market and walking distance to many of Seattle's hot spots. Walk over to Safeco Field and Seahawks Stadium, visit the hottest restaurants and bars or take the monorail to Seattle Center and Key arena. Don't worry, you won't navigate living in this gem of a property alone, you will have access to one of our amazing concierges. Perfect Location Our business travelers will enjoy Metro's prime location. The property is situated near UPS and FedEx with many car rental companies located a few minutes away from our vacation rental. Of course, those of us that lead a busy lifestyle still needInside this apartment guests will find a fully equipped kitchen and spacious bedrooms. Residents in this building can enjoy the indoor heated swimming pool, a garden terrace with BBQ grills and a resident lounge with a library and billiards table.Brand new to Sea to Sky's boutique collection, this comfortable, spacious condo is located in the heart of Belltown. Within walking distance of the Space Needle and Pike Place Market, this is the ideal location for your urban Seattle vacation. Brand new to Sea to Sky's boutique collection of urban Seattle homes, this two-bedroom condo with a courtyard view is the perfect place to launch your next vacation. Located in the heart of Belltown, this spacious condo will be your home away from home, allowing you to experience all downtown Seattle has to offer.  The bright, open floor plan provides plenty of space to spread out and relax in comfort. Big windows bathe the living and dining room with tons of natural light. Cook a dinner for six in the brand new, modern kitchen and then enjoy the evening sunshine from the unit's own little patio overlooking the courtyard. With local telephone, cable, and wireless internet provided, you have everything you need to work and play! This condo comfortStudio right next to the Space Needle and Pike place, our suite  is in the heart of it all. Brand new modern furniture and appliances, gorgeous views of Lake Union. Perfect for employees looking for temporary housing for 3-6 months. Screening incl.Relax in a comfortable studio apartment located in a 1920s brownstone in the Belltown neighborhood.  Ideally situated for both the first time visitor and more experienced Seattle travelers.  Walk to Pike Place, the Space Needle and more! Belltown is situated on the city's north downtown waterfront, having been artificially flattened during a regrade project (being one of the few place downtown without steep roads).  The studio is a short walk to Pike Place Market, Seattle Space Needle, Chihuly Garden and Glass, EMP Museum, Pacific Science Center, Westlake shopping, Downtown, Capital Hill, South Lake Union and Queen Anne neighborhoods, and numerous restaurants, bars, breweries, distilleries and grocery stores.  Additionally, only a few blocks from the Link Light Rail station and multiple bus terminals.  If you need, I would be happy to provide suggestions for food, drink and fun within the neighborhood or city The apartment itself has a queen sized bed (mattress and box spring).  There The Metropolitan Tower property is centrally located on Westlake Avenue, between 6th and 7th. This unit features 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Kitchen, Washer/Dryer, and Sleeps 6.    AMAZING BUILDING, AMENITIES, AND LOCATION WITH A VIEW!!! The Property Who says you can't have it all? This amazing property is located in one of Seattle's best neighborhoods and is only a few blocks from the legendary Pike's Place market and walking distance to many of Seattle's hot spots. Walk over to Safeco Field and Seahawks Stadium, visit the hottest restaurants and bars or take the monorail to Seattle Center and Key arena. Don't worry, you won't navigate living in this gem of a property alone, you will have access to one of our amazing concierges. Perfect Location Our business travelers will enjoy Metro's prime location. The property is situated near UPS and FedEx with many car rental companies located a few minutes away from our vacation rental. Of course, those of us that lead a busy lifestyle still needSeattle Oasis Vacation Rentals is pleased to provide this comfortable and newly renovated 1 bedroom vacation rental condominium in Seattle's hip and exciting Belltown neighborhood. **Book NOW for US Open Dates 2015.  This condo will have a one week minimum stay during US Open week.  This home away from home is easy walking distance to some of Seattle's best restaurants and the Pike Place Market.  It's convenient to all of Downtown Seattle and the Convention Center, as well as downtown Seattle employers, making it an excellent choice for both a vacation rental and corporate housing. The unit features a Puget Sound Water View from nearly every room, including the balcony off the living room.  This is our newest unit, fully renovated in November 2011.  You'll feel pampered and notice the difference in the quality of accommodations!  Enter the property and immediately you notice the abundant natural light that floods the living area from the oversized windows, even on Seattle's rainiest da*Clear View of New Year's Eve Space Needle FireWorks* Right at the heart of Seattle's fastest-growing area, this fantastic 1Bed is in belltown a few  blocks away from Pike's Place market and has unobstructed south lake union and space needle viewsMinimalist 1 bedroom loft style apartment, exposed beams, modern kitchen, stainless appliances, and granite tops. Walking distance to Downtown and Capitol Hill. Secured parking available. Located above a restaurant and bar. Hand troweled concrete floors, 15' ceilings, exposed bricks, 800 square feet. Gas stove, dishes, plates some cook wear. Lobby access, suite is located on second floor of building. Located in Denny Triangle you can walk to Pacific Place, Nordstroms, Pike Place or Capitol Hill. Hundreds of restaurants located within a mile. Secured underground parking available in Hill 7 for an additional $25.00 a night. There is  a queen bed in the Master Bedroom and the second bed is a foldout couch. Two night minimum stay required.Located between the Retail Core and Seattle Center, Belltown is one of Seattle's hippest neighborhoods. Home to a mix of music venues, pool halls, cafes, boutiques and hosts the city's hottest bars and restaurants. Just a 5 minute walk to pike place market. Walk past the sleeping alcove into the living room and enjoy the south facing city view, even go out onto the balcony!  This 500sq ft. alcove studio apartment is cozy but hip. The living space is large and encompasses a modern kitchen, bar counter top, dimmer switches, cool art and a rug that really ties the room together. Best of all, it's close. to. everything. There is a large bathroom with washer dryer and the sleeping alcove with a new queen bed. There is no parking spot associated with this unit, but there is plenty of street parking and nearby lots. All day parking will run you about $12 a day. There are bus lines all over 3rd avenue that run to Ballard, downtown, the ID, Queen Anne directly, easy transfer to Capitol Hill or In Seattle for fun? The Pike Place Market, Space Needle, Nordstrom flagship store & more are steps away. Working? Walk to the Convention Center, AMZN and MSFT offices. Then come home to this charming flat, in a neighborhood filled with great dining. We call this lovely flat Swallow's Rest. It's designed to be the perfect place to catch your breath after a day soaring about the city – whether you've been site-seeing or flying between back-to-back meetings.  (If Swallow's Rest is unavailable, check out the Jewel Box downstairs! There's a link in our profile.) Built in 1922 and converted to condos in 2007, Swallow's Rest  is filled with charm and everything you'll need for a fabulous urban experience. The windows open out over an interior courtyard, letting in lots of  light and shielding you from the noise of the city. Step outside and you're a quick walk from Pike Place Market, the Space Needle, AMZN & MSFT offices, great dining, music & more The Neighborhood. Swallow's Rest is in a preSeattle Belltown Condo, 1Bed, 1Bath, Kitchen, view of Space Needle and steps from Seattle Sculpture Park.  Borders lower Queen Anne, Blocks from Seattle Center, shopping, Pike's Place Market with numerous options for museums, dining and nightlife. 24 hour access to the roof top deck with panoramic views of the seattle waterfront and downtown.  24 hour Gym and Sauna on site.  borders Belltown and Lower Queene Anne which provide Seattle's best dining and nightlife options.  a few blocks from the space needle and Seattle Center, including Museums such as the Seattle Sculpture Park (right across the street), Experience Music Project, Chihuly Glass Garden, Seattle Art Museum as well as Pikes Place Market and the Alaskan Way Waterfront. Guest have access to the Condo via the East Elevator.  To access East Elevator, enter front door on Western Ave, go straight past the stairway and the mailboxes, then turn right.  Go to the 5th floor.  Unit #513 is to your left exiting the elevator.  Guests aVia6 is downtown Seattle's hottest new vertical community. This unit has 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bath, Washer & Dryer, Wifi and Sleeps up to 6. The building has a Fitness Center, Movie and Gaming Room, Outdoor Patio and Fantastic Dining on the ground floor. Via6 in Seattle is a brand new property for us, so we will have new photos as soon as possible. Visit our other listings to see how we typically decorate our units and to read our great reviews. Experience downtown Seattle's hottest new vertical community: the amazing Via6. Enjoy everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities. The Via6 is a fantastic home base for your perfect Seattle vacation! The Via6 property is centrally located on 6th Avenue between Blanchard and Lenora Streets. Everything you need is within walking distance and Seattle's excellent public transit system makes it easy to explore the city's wonderful neighborhoods. Via6: •2 Bedrooms with a king bed, a queen bed, anA luxury hotel suite alternative which boasts high-end Restoration Hardware furniture, top of the line electronic systems including a Sonos full home audio system, and a fully adjustable & massaging Leggett & Platt memory foam bed, and Toto Washlet. The ultimate one bedroom hotel suite replacement. No detail spared!  The place was fully decorated by Restoration Hardware in Seattle, and includes some of their most exclusive pieces from the Kensington Collection, including the newest addition -a leather tufted bed with six inch headboard complete with a high end memory foam mattress and fully adjustable and massaging base. That's right - the bed massages you. Beyond the furniture, the home is fully technologically equipped with a 3D Samsung television, and full Sonos surround sound. In addition the bedroom has a speaker on each end table, and one in the bathroom. The TV will allow you to use Amazon Prime Instant Video where you may rent all the newest movies for a small fee just like at This 2-bed, 2-bath condo sleeps 6 and includes a gym, rooftop deck with fire pit and grill, washer and dryer, free WiFi and cable, game room, cyber cafe, and more! The perfect location puts you steps from everything that downtown Seattle has to offer ArtHouse takes center stage in Belltown as one of the city's premier community buildings.  From Pike Place Market to the Seattle Art Museum, your downtown Seattle vacation rental is among icons. Just outside your door is enough music, movies, culture, shopping, and outdoor recreation to keep your itinerary positively overflowing! Located in the heart of the ultra-hip Belltown neighborhood, ArtHouse offers the perfect location for experiencing everything that Seattle has to offer. Just steps away from Elliott Bay's glittering shore, ArtHouse makes waking up on the waterfront a daily reality. ArtHouse -2 bedrooms with queen beds and a pull-out sofa -2 full bathrooms with shower and tub -Sleeps 6 -1000 square feet Nearby Attractions -Pike Pla2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, sleeps 5, Fitness Center, community BBQ, Free WiFi and Cable, Amazing Views of the Elliot Bay and a short walk to the waterfront! Experience urban downtown living at the beautiful and modern Olympus. Only a short walk away from Elliot Bay and the beautiful Seattle waterfront, Olympus offers beautiful views alongside an extremely accessible location.   Located in the heart of the Belltown neighborhood, this spot offers easy accessibility to downtown life while providing a spacious, relaxing, urban space. You can experience the best of Seattle living as you enjoy your morning coffee at the Seattle Art Museum Olympic Sculpture Park, conveniently located across the street, or venture out to experience Seattle's finest dining.  Olympus •2 bedrooms with a king, queen, and a pull-out sofa •2 full bathrooms with shower and tub •Sleeps 6 •921 square feet  Nearby Attractions •Pike Place Market: 0.8 mile •IMAX Theater: 0.3 mile •Seattle Aquarium: 0.9 mile •Pacific Science CBeautiful & spacious - Able to accommadate 12 for dinner or smaller table for 4.  Has WIFI,  secure building w/24hr conceige, gym & parking in building, King size bed in separate bedroom, queen -size futon in den.  Next to Pikes Market, Art Museum TVS IN BEDROOM & DE(URL HIDDEN)COPIER, TELEPHONES   AVAILABLE ENTIRE BUILDING UNDER SCAFFOLDING AT THIS TIME MUST ENTER THRU MAIN ENTRANCE THRU ELECTRONIC KEY OR CALL FRIONT DESK cALL MY VACATION MANAGERLive like a Seattlite when you book this lovely condo. Experience the urban lifestyle from the heart of Belltown. Just three blocks from Seattle's Puget Sound WaterFront, with full access to downtown Seattle, the Pike Place Market, and the Seattle Center, this is a stunning condominium development in the vibrant Belltown Seattle neighborhood. Seattle Oasis Vacations is pleased to provide a comfortable and inspiring one bedroom vacation rental condominium in Seattle's exciting Belltown neighborhood. This property is easy walking distance to some of Seattle's best restaurants and the Pike Place Market. It's convenient to all of Downtown Seattle and the Convention Center as well as the many sites for which Seattle is famous, and just blocks from the water front.  This condo sleeps up to 4 guests and includes a fully equipped kitchen, and has balcony views of the ocean, Puget Sound, and the Olympic Mountains. With hotel mattresses and luxurious 800  king sized bed in the bedroom and a queeThis 2-bed, 2-bath condo sleeps 6 and includes a gym, rooftop deck with fire pit and grill, washer and dryer, free WiFi and cable, game room, cyber cafe, and more! The perfect location puts you steps from everything that downtown Seattle has to offer ArtHouse takes center stage in Belltown as one of the city's premier community buildings.  From Pike Place Market to the Seattle Art Museum, your downtown Seattle vacation rental is among icons. Just outside your door is enough music, movies, culture, shopping, and outdoor recreation to keep your itinerary positively overflowing! Located in the heart of the ultra-hip Belltown neighborhood, ArtHouse offers the perfect location for experiencing everything that Seattle has to offer. Just steps away from Elliott Bay's glittering shore, ArtHouse makes waking up on the waterfront a daily reality. ArtHouse -2 bedrooms with queen beds and a pull-out sofa -2 full bathrooms with shower and tub -Sleeps 6 -1000 square feet Nearby Attractions -Pike PlaCome stay in this great corner unit with a peek-a-boo view of the water and your own private balcony! If you're going to stay in downtown, why not stay somewhere and have the view to go along with it? Why would you settle for anything less? Only one mile from the Convention Center, close to South Lake Union employers and nightlife, and a mile from the stadiums, there is not a more convenient location in all of downtown Seattle.  During your stay enjoy: *Designer Kitchen which includes all you need to whip up a fantastic meal *Beautiful Views of Downtown, Mountains & Water from your living room, bedroom and kitchen *Luxurious bathrobes for use during your stay *Plush Mattresses with 800 count sheets *2 Flat Panel HDTV's *Secure Parking Garage for use during your stay *Gym *Swimming pool & hot tub *Sauna *Free Wi-Fi *Have some of the finest dining establishments just footsteps away from your front door This newer condo building and this unit features a AMAZING Views of The Puget Sound, aEntire/Private apartment Walk everywhere/10 min walk to Pike Place/Convention Center Clean, newly furnished, High ceilings, beautiful view of trees TV w/Netflix, Cable, Fast Wi-Fi, A/C Beds: 1 Day Bed that expands to King /1 Twin Bed /Airbed Walk score 98, Street parkingSeattle Oasis Vacation Rentals is pleased to provide a comfortable and inspiring one bedroom vacation rental condominium in Seattle's exciting Belltown neighborhood. This property is easy walking distance to the best of Seattle. This is an open one bedroom floor plan, making this a perfect vacation home for a couple, small family or girlfriends weekend.  While there is a separate bedroom area, there is not a traditional door, making this a perfect condo for a couple, small family. business trip or girls weekend away. The sophisticated palate and tree top view of the beautiful European courtyard makes an inviting sanctuary and base for your visit to Seattle. With hotel mattresses and luxurious 800 thread-count sheets, we guarantee you'll be as comfortable as in any of the best hotels in town. A flat screen TV and dedicated wireless internet throughout make this condo the perfect place for a long weekend or a week's stay in the West Coast's most dynamic location. An on-site swimming poolEnjoy modern luxury just a few minutes walk from the Washington State Convention Center, Downtown, SLU/Amazon and Capital Hill. This beautiful unit is perfectly situated at the center of everything; Whole Foods, many restaurants, shops, and more. This unit offers:  Air Conditioning  55-Inch 4K Curved Smart Television  Cable  Gigabyte Internet  Shampoo/Conditioner/Body Wash  Hair Dryer  Iron/Ironing Board Kitchen Necessities  Writing Desk  Coffee/Coffee Maker Full Size Washer/Dryer Balcony Roof Deck/Sun Deck Access With Grill Gym/Basketball Court Access  and more... This unit offers:  Air Conditioning  55-Inch 4K Curved Smart Television  Cable  Gigabyte Internet  Shampoo/Conditioner/Body Wash  Hair Dryer  Iron/Ironing Board Kitchen Necessities  Writing Desk  Coffee/Coffee Maker Full Size Washer/Dryer Balcony Roof Deck/Sun Deck Access With Grill Gym/Basketball Court Access  and more...My girlfriend forced me to hang every single knick knack and piece of art in this adorable Studio. The end result is a warm, inviting and comfortable Studio apartment that you are sure to feel at home in. I've spent the last 3 months watching my girlfriend fret and fuss over just how to make her apartment the most comfy and cozy little place she can. The bed is amazing, the kitchen is great. (I love cooking with fire instead of electricity.), the bathroom is pretty much a shrine to every bath and body store ever founded. There's a little garden that you can access from Bell Street on the North side of the building. All by yourself! Belltown is minutes from the Central Business District, and 10 minutes from the Convention Center. 1 block away is a major bus stop servicing pretty much all of the greater Seattle area. (3rd and Bell) The space needle is a 15 minute walk. Busses or walking. Walkability is 10/10 at this location. This apartment's location is unbelievable. Parking can be a haSeattle Oasis Vacations proudly offer this well appointed condo in the heart of Seattle's Belltown Neighborhood! The neighborhood is known for its eclectic shops, as well as amazing restaurants and its proximity to the main tourist attractions of Downtown Seattle! This two bedroom one bath unit sleeps up to 6 adults with two queen bed, each in a separate bedrooms and a queen sized sleeper sofa in the living room! The unit has the finest furnishings including Granite Counter Tops, Stainless Steel appliances, hardwood floors and was furnished with everything you need to cook a meal down to the dishes, cookie sheet and glassware! The building, Moda has amazing amenities (other than the location) with a great rooftop deck with Lounge Seating, Free Wi-Fi Access, Gas Fire Pit, 2 Gas Grills, a sink and prep-station area, complete with amazing city, mountain, lake, and sound views!  The building has also a great common area complete with couches, free wi-fi, 52" HDTV, Pool Table, Full Kitchen,The Metropolitan Tower property is centrally located on Westlake Avenue, between 6th and 7th. This unit features 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Kitchen, Washer/Dryer, and Sleeps 6.                AMAZING BUILDING, AMENITIES, AND LOCATION WITH A VIEW!!! The Property Who says you can't have it all? This amazing property is located in one of Seattle's best neighborhoods and is only a few blocks from the legendary Pike's Place market and walking distance to many of Seattle's hot spots. Walk over to Safeco Field and Seahawks Stadium, visit the hottest restaurants and bars or take the monorail to Seattle Center and Key arena. Don't worry, you won't navigate living in this gem of a property alone, you will have access to one of our amazing concierges. Perfect Location Our business travelers will enjoy Metro's prime location. The property is situated near UPS and FedEx with many car rental companies located a few minutes away from our vacation rental. Of course, those of us that lead a busy lifestylThe Metropolitan Tower property is centrally located on Westlake Avenue, between 6th and 7th. This unit features 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Kitchen, Washer/Dryer, and Sleeps 6.    AMAZING BUILDING, AMENITIES, AND LOCATION WITH A VIEW!!! The Property Who says you can't have it all? This amazing property is located in one of Seattle's best neighborhoods and is only a few blocks from the legendary Pike's Place market and walking distance to many of Seattle's hot spots. Walk over to Safeco Field and Seahawks Stadium, visit the hottest restaurants and bars or take the monorail to Seattle Center and Key arena. Don't worry, you won't navigate living in this gem of a property alone, you will have access to one of our amazing concierges. Perfect Location Our business travelers will enjoy Metro's prime location. The property is situated near UPS and FedEx with many car rental companies located a few minutes away from our vacation rental. Of course, those of us that lead a busy lifestyle still needThe best of downtown Seattle & Belltown! This 1 bedroom apartment on the 19th floor with beautiful water and city views! Walking distance to the best restaurants, bars, boutiques, and attractions. Just a short walk to Pike Place Market and more! This unit has the best of everything, breathtaking views of the Puget Sound and the city! This is what living in downtown is all about. The dining and entertainment options offer something for everyone from locally sourced restaurants to upscale restaurants to hole in the wall local favorites. The unit is so high up that you never hear the street noise even though you are next to all the hustle and bustle of downtown nightlife.  - Fully equipped kitchen and plenty of closet space.  - Roku Smart TV to streams all your favorite Netflix, Sling, Amazon and HBO Go shows - Onsite Gym - High Speed WiFi - Washer, dryer, & dishwasher - Pillow top mattress - Deep soaking tub - Parking is available upon request. You will have access to the gym, community Experience the very center of Seattle. A perfect spot for your entire stay and within walking distance from all the shops, cafes, restaurants... Very Central Building With Perfect Views On Seattle Easy, through my office just next to the building where I will be passing the keys to my guests... 24/7, easy and  fast A bunch of cafes, restaurants, shops and anything you would find interesting...Enjoy the heart of the Seattle! This beautiful two bedroom, 1.75 bathroom condo is one of our quietest units, overlooking an interior European-style and award winning courtyard in one of Seattle's premier Belltown addresses. This condo is brand new for us, pictures are of a sister property in this same building.  Furnishings and colors will be comparable.  This condo has it all.  There is a spacious living area with gas fireplace and large windows.  The spacious kitchen features plenty of  workspace and is equipped to please any cook. From this seventh floor perch, look out into the peaceful and beautiful courtyard.  Because of its distance above the street, and its interior facing windows, this is one of our quietest Belltown condos! The master bedroom features a ultra-comfortable queen size bed, oversized windows, and en suite bathroom. There is also a nice sized balcony, suitable for enjoying your morning coffee as you plan your day. The second bedroom features plush twin sized bedsPlease check the calendar for mid week sales and one night only deals! LUXURY in the BEST LOCATION! This condo was just completely renovated by an acclaimed interior designer.  Finishes and furnishings are all new and of high quality.   We have high expectations when we travel and have created a place that would meet our  standards.   The condo has two HDTV's a Wii game system, a DVD player, and high speed wifi.  Top quality linens are on the king sized bed in the master bedroom  as well as the full sized sofa sleeper, which is as comfortable or more so than most beds.  The balcony overlooks the lovely European style courtyard--a perfect place to enjoy a drink after a day of exploring the city.  Belltown is the perfect location whether you're in town for business or pleasure.  The condo is walking distance to the Space Needle, Pike Place Market, the Seattle Art Museum, the Sculpture Park and the famous waterfront.  The neighborhood is home to many of the city's best restaurants and cafIn the heart of Seattle's Belltown neighborhood, this condo offers easy access to Seattle's waterfront, downtown attractions/venues and is walking distance to Seattle Center, and Space Needle. *Includes one parking space in the gated garage* Comfortable accommodations with all the conveniences of home.  This condo has a full kitchen with dishwasher, full bath and in unit washer and dryer.  It even has a rooftop patio area for unbeatable views. Guests have sole access to the unit as well as access to modest building facilities including roof top patio, small/limited fitness room, dry sauna, and library.  In addition, it includes one parking space in the gated garage. Host will be on site for check-in/check-out and available by phone for any additional inquiries. Belltown is in the heart of Seattle and provides easy access to Seattle's sights and venues.  Restaurants and nightlife are abound in this neighborhood if you so choose or stay indoors and enjoy the serenity of the Puget Sound vOur newest and brightest addition to Sea to Sky Rentals boutique collection. Whether this is your first trip to Seattle or you are a regular visitor, this two bedroom, two bath townhome style condo is the ideal location for your stay! Brand new to Sea to Sky's boutique collection of urban Seattle homes, welcome to the bright and cheery Sunset Suite. With hints of LA Style and mid-century decor, there is something for everyone in this vibrant condo! Located in the heart of Belltown, this sunny and spacious condo will be your home away from home, allowing you to experience all downtown Seattle has to offer.  With lofted ceilings, two-story windows, and an open floor plan the Sunset Suite provides plenty of space to spread out and relax in comfort.  West-facting windows facing west bathe the living and dining room with tons of natural light and offer a peek-a-boo view of the Puget Sound. Cook a dinner for six in the brand new, modern kitchen and then enjoy the evening sunshine from the un98 Walkscore Penthouse unit on the top floor, right downtown but with views of the lake from the left side of the balcony and cap hill straight ahead. Conveniently located next to the downtown shopping, the heart of Amazon and Whole FoodsVia6 is downtown Seattle's hottest new vertical community. This unit has 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bath, Washer & Dryer, Wifi and Sleeps up to 6. The building has a Fitness Center, Movie and Gaming Room, Outdoor Patio and Fantastic Dining on the ground floor. Via6 in Seattle is a brand new property for us, so we will have new photos as soon as possible. Visit our other listings to see how we typically decorate our units and to read our great reviews. Experience downtown Seattle's hottest new vertical community: the amazing Via6. Enjoy everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities. The Via6 is a fantastic home base for your perfect Seattle vacation! The Via6 property is centrally located on 6th Avenue between Blanchard and Lenora Streets. Everything you need is within walking distance and Seattle's excellent public transit system makes it easy to explore the city's wonderful neighborhoods. Via6: •2 Bedrooms with a king bed, a queen bed, anIn the heart of Belltown with sweeping Puget Sound views. Walking distance to the Seattle Center, shopping, theaters, and waterfront. Complex features shared hot tub, indoor swimming pool, BBQ deck, and exercise facility. This Belltown apartment features sweeping views of Elliott Bay, Lake Union, and the Space Needle!  3 bedrooms, 2 full baths, and 1300 square feet provides plenty of room for your larger travelling group.  Enjoy the comforts of home during your stay in this fully furnished apartment. Sleeps 8 with a king size bed in the master, 2 twin beds that can be made up as a king in the 2nd bedroom, a twin trundle bed that can also be set up as a king bed in the 3rd bedroom, and a queen size sleeper sofa in the living room.  Features a gas fireplace, cable TV with DVD Player,and high speed wireless internet. The building features communal deck with gas BBQs, an indoor swimming pool, hot tub, sauna, and exercise facilities.  One complimentary parking spot comes with the rental, whYou ll be getting private room and bath in 2 BD/2 BT apartment in downtown. It is one block away from Space Needle and you have access to public transport right outside apartment. If you are coming on weekends, NightLife is like 2 blocks away. Close to every tourist place and public transport Wifi, Living Room, Kitchen Night life and coffee shops Yes everything is accessible including airport. Garage Parking is extra $5/day which is very cheap as it is in downtown.This Seattle Oasis Vacations property is located in the Heart of Seattle's Belltown neighborhood.  Known for its location near all the sights of Downtown Seattle, as well as being surrounded by wonderful restaurants and so much more! You'll find yourself within walking distance of Pike Place Market, The Space Needle, Shopping, The Waterfront District, even the Stadium district and hotel district if you are in town for a conference.  Why be cooped up in a hotel when you can have the extra space, a view, and en entire buildings amenities awaiting you! This beautiful beautiful hardwood floors, granite counters, stainless appliances.  The interior is professionally designed for your comfort! Sit on your balcony and enjoy the Peekaboo view of the Puget Sound, or go up to the Rooftop Deck for the expansive view of the Puget Sound! Free Wi-Fi is available in both the lobby and the rooftop deck as well as in the unit itself. So if you want to be connected, you can be!  Parking is available forThe Metropolitan Tower property is centrally located on Westlake Avenue, between 6th and 7th. This unit features 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Kitchen, Washer/Dryer, and Sleeps 6. AMAZING BUILDING, AMENITIES, AND LOCATION WITH A VIEW!!! The Property Who says you can't have it all? This amazing property is located in one of Seattle's best neighborhoods and is only a few blocks from the legendary Pike's Place market and walking distance to many of Seattle's hot spots. Walk over to Safeco Field and Seahawks Stadium, visit the hottest restaurants and bars or take the monorail to Seattle Center and Key arena. Don't worry, you won't navigate living in this gem of a property alone, you will have access to one of our amazing concierges. Perfect Location Our business travelers will enjoy Metro's prime location. The property is situated near UPS and FedEx with many car rental companies located a few minutes away from our vacation rental. Of course, those of us that lead a busy lifestyle still need toApartment in the heart of Belltown. Bars/restaurants are a 5min walk. 15min walk to downtown/pike place market. Panoramic view of the sound from living room and bedroom . Balcony with chairs. Granite counter tops, modern kitchen. Gym, heated pool.Brand New! Take advantage of introductory pricing on this beautifully designed condo with a peek-a-boo view of the Space Needle. This Belltown condo is the perfect starting point for your Seattle stay. Belltown is the ideal launch pad for your perfect Seattle vacation. You will love having a place to relax and enjoy your time in between trips to the nearby sights. The peek-a-boo view of the Space Needle outside your windows will remind you why you came to this gorgeous city!  You will love the brand new furnishings and decor in this sleek urban condo. The design has an eye to the retro and unique with an Edison lamp and geometric decor. With a defined sleeping alcove, bright living area and updated kitchen and bath, this studio feels more like a one-bedroom condo. With room to sleep four in a queen size bed and true queen sleeper sofa, this is the perfect spot for a couple or small family. In addition to a queen size bed, this studio also has a queen size sleeper sofa.    When you arenWelcome to your pied-a-terre, with all of Seattle at your fingertips. Enjoy 2 bedrooms, an open floor plan with spacious kitchen, and a Walk Score of 98, all in a brand-new building at the intersection of Seattle's hottest neighborhoods. Welcome to the heart of everything in Seattle. You are where Belltown, downtown, and South Lake Union intersect. Dozens of bars, restaurants, shops, and entertainment venues line the streets outside your door. Public transit is easy, and we're proud to have a Walk Score of 98. This corner unit features 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, and a deck. You get lots of light from the huge windows that line the open concept living, dining, and kitchen area.  Enjoy all the conveniences of home with a full size washer and dryer and high end finishes, including hardwood floors, throughout. Whether you're here for work or play, this space is the perfect spot from which to explore Seattle. You have full access to the apartment during your stay, as well as the common spacesLuxury, Amenities, Location, and Views!  Over 1,400 SF, with three bedrooms, two balconies, central AC, and breathtaking city views! The Metropolitan Tower features indoor pool, hot tub, and exercise facilities. Experience the "height" of downtown luxury living in our brand new top-floor penthouse! Nothing is left out or overlooked at the Metropolitan Tower. Get all the great amenities of a 5-star hotel with the convenience, privacy, full gourmet kitchen and extra space of a vacation rental! Apartment #3104 features 1,418 square feet of luxurious, open living space! Incredible views can be taken in from every window of our amazing penthouse. This non-smoking top floor apartment features 3 bedrooms, including two master suites with king beds and spacious en suite bathrooms. The main master bedroom boasts a jetted tub, separate shower, and dual vessel-style sinks, as well as a walk in closet! There is even a 37" flatscreen smart TV with cable. The second master bedroom's ensuite with cla*Clear View of New Year's Eve Space Needle FireWorks* Right at the heart of Seattle's fastest-growing area, this fantastic 1Bed is in belltown a few  blocks away from Pike's Place market and has unobstructed south lake union and space needle viewsRight at the heart of Seattle's fastest-growing area, this fantastic 1Bed is only 4 blocks away from Pike's Place market and has desirable western water facing sunset views. Great place to relax and watch the sunset in the Seattle summer It is in on the belltown/pike's place market border (4 blocks to pike's place market), steps to the financial, retail center, waterfront and S Lake Union, and at the heart of all the best restaurants in downtown seattle.  Several highly rated yelp restaurants nearby include: Purple Cafe, Lolla's, Umi (Sushi), Serious Pie, El Gaucho (amazing steak house), Ipanema Grill (all you can eat brazilian steak house 1 block away), Black bottle, Wasabi Bistro, List, RN74 and many others. For breakfast CJs on 1st and Cedar is great.  If you like speakeasy cocktails, bathtub gin, which makes some of the best ones in town is around the corner. Other bars within 3-5 blocks are Foundation Lounge(Techno/House), Amber(Varies), Tia Lou's(Hip-hop), Crocodile (live music),Last minute mid week sale!!! Luxurious condominium in Seattle's best location. This condo was just COMPETELY renovated by an interior designer. All furnishings and fittings are new and of high quality. Beds and linens are as good (or better) than those found in 5 star hotels. The condo is in a quiet part of the building with a balcony and a view of the beautiful European style courtyard. The unit is luxuriously yet comfortably furnished. Queen bed plus a full sized sofa sleeper.  Take advantage of a free underground parking space right in the building (a must have in downtown Seattle!). PLEASE NOTE THE PARKING SPACES ARE TIGHT AND A LARGE SUV OR SIMILAR SIZED VECHICLE WILL NOT FIT. Swim in the heated pool, work out in the fully equipped gym or enjoy the sunset over Puget Sound from the 7th floor balcony.  Most of Seattle's major tourist attractions are a short walk away, including Pike Place Market, Seattle Center (Space Needle), and the city's famous waterfront. Belltown is home to maTop Floor, Bright unit, spacious loft style  Roof Top with Space Needle view; Great View for New Year Firework event(URL HIDDEN) Gym for workout! Walking distance to POI, including Pike Place Market, Space Needle, Key Arena, Water Front, Convention Center... Convenient access to public transportation, including bus, monorail... Free Wireless Internet  (1G)  TV with Netflix service Roof Top with City View. Gym for work out. Walking distance to POI, including Pike Place Market (0.8 mile), Space Needle (0.4 mile), Water Front (0.5 mile), Convention Center (0.9 mile), Westlake Center (0.7 mile)....... Convenient access to public transportation, including bus, monorail... ASAP Belltown area is vibrant, convenient to restaurants, shops, and there is even a sandwich/coffee shop just around the corner of the complex!     Around 15 minutes walk to the famous Pike Place Market!   Space Needle, Key Arena is just 2 blocks away!  Please read Airbnb cancellation policy carefully before booking!   **Right next to the Space Needle and Pike place, our corporate suite is in the heart of it all. Brand new modern furniture and appliances, gorgeous views of Lake Union. Perfect for employees looking for temporary housing for 3-6 months. Screening incl. Hola, Kon'nichiwa, Bonjour, Ni hao, Namaste, Xin Chao !!! * If this unit is booked, check out my other units under my profile. * I have a few units in this building, if you need accommodations for a larger party * Please msg me about yourself (age, gender, lifestyle) before booking.  * Also be sure to have a picture, and verification. * If possible, let me know your check in and check out times, and if you will need a secured parking spot for a small extra fee. Thank you for looking at our brand new 500 sqft apartment studio in Downtown Seattle's Belltown Neighborhood. In the space, you will have brand new bedding, a flatscreen TV equipped with Chromecast for Netflix/Youtube/..., a super comfortable couch, WiFi, a well stocked kitchen, towCome have an iconic Seattle urban loft experience at Loft67.  Whether you're visiting for the first time or a regular, you'll be delighted by the striking and eclectic design of this large one bedroom, one bathroom condo that sleeps up to 2 and entertains up to 8.  Fully stocked with everything you need to cook gourmet meals, entertain, or kick back and relax.  Glassware and barware for any occasion.  Loft67 surprises with captivating 20' ceilings and over 10 pieces of art.  Vibrant colors, modern aesthetic, & NW casual just start to characterize the pulse of this urban retreat.  Before heading to the sculpture park or the latest Belltown hotspot, check out the catwalk, private balcony, and street front chic.   More comfort than the finest Seattle hotels. Fully furnished with wine glasses, DVD/Surround theatre system with ipod dock, magazines, laptop work area, architecturally modern, tile/carpet floors, huge fully stocked stainless kitchen, full balcony, and tile counters. Cable & WirThis beautifully designed spacious condo is the perfect starting point for your Seattle stay.  With a sleeping alcove and new furnishings throughout, this Belltown condo is the ideal home away from home! With a large sleeping alcove, spacious living area and full kitchen, this immaculate studio feels more like a one bedroom condo. Ample enough to sleep four comfortably, you and your guests will have a place to relax and enjoy your time in between trips to the nearby sights like the Seattle Center, Space Needle, Pike Place Market and the amazing Seattle waterfront. Facing the picturesque European courtyard that this building is known for, you can step onto your own private patio and take in the natural ambiance.  In addition to a queen size bed, this studio also has a queen size American Leather sofa sleeper.  Unlike other sleeper sofas, this one will leave you sleeping well in Seattle. When you aren't exploring the Emerald City or unwinding in your condo, feel free to enjoy the wonderfStay four blocks from Pike Place, 2 blocks from waterfront, surrounded by famous Belltown restaurants and bars. Near Pike/Pine shopping district, Pioneer Square, Space Needle. Full bathroom, (website hidden) and Wifi. Professionally cleaned and managed. This is a studio apartment with its own bathroom and kitchen.  The bathroom has a full tub and shower.  The kitchen has newer appliances including a full size refrigerator, stove, oven, disposal in sink and dishwasher. My units are professionally managed and immaculately clean.  My streamlined check in process is faster than a hotel.  There is no waiting on anyone to get your keys. This unit is free of personal clutter which makes for a thorough cleaning for every guest.  The cleaning staff uses antibacterial agents every turnaround.  The unit is spotless every time. This flat has a great location and comfortable but luxurious furnishings.  Light rail to airport makes transportation simple and quick without waiting in freeway traffic.  This urban suite is tastefully decorated and is fully furnished, offering a beautiful view of the building's fountained courtyard and quiet retreat from the buzz of the city. A/C, parking, pool, hot tub, sauna, fitness center, BBQ, and more!Are you look for an urban condo retreat in the perfect Downtown location of Seattle's best neighborhood, Walk score of 98? You're in luck! 2 BR, 1.5 Bath, high end furniture, modern appliances, your home away from home! 1 parking spot avail $25 night Location, location, location. Walk score 98. Many restaurants within 2 blocks of my location plus grocery store, coffee and many other destinations like ocean, mountains. Shopping at Nordstrom's, Macy's, boutiques, everything only a short walk. Pike Place market, 5th Ave Theatre, Paramount Theatre, Seahawks, Mariners and Sounders stadiums, the list goes on and on. You will be living in the heart of downtown in the shadow of the iconic Space Needle. Want to feel like you live in Seattle for your stay and not just a tourist in a hotel? You have just found the best location and accommodations! If you have a car, I have a space for rent right outside your door, $25 per night. I recommend grabbing Uber, an alternative to a cab. Entire condo is Located in the heart of downtown Seattle (South Lake Union)! Gorgeous, brand new, 1 bedroom + 1 bath, urban & trendy condo with one secured underground parking spot, steps away from the Space Needle and Seattle's main tourist attractions. The Perfect Urban Condo for Exploring Seattle & Relaxing after your adventures. Walk Score: 97!, Transit Score of 100!  Brand New, Unmatched Location, Cleanliness, and Safety! FREE GATED INDOOR SECURE PARKING! If you're the type of traveler that is adventurous during the day, but doesn't mind living in style at night, I think you're going to enjoy your stay at this beautiful urban condo. The unit is brand new, warm, in a trendy area. Here are some, but not all the features: Clean and Fresh: The unit is professionally cleaned and the linens and towels are professionally laundered before each new guest arrives. *Comfy, New Queen Bed (Wake-up well rested)  *Washer/Dryer (pack light and wash during your stay)  *Full Kitchen (Stock the refrigerator w/ yourEnjoy modern luxury just a few minutes walk from the Washington State Convention Center, Downtown, SLU/Amazon and Capital Hill. This beautiful unit is perfectly situated at the center of everything; Whole Foods, many restaurants, shops, and more. This unit offers: Air Conditioning 55-Inch 1080P Smart Television Cable Gigabyte Internet Shampoo/Conditioner/Body Wash Hair Dryer Kitchen Necessities Writing Desk Coffee/Coffee Maker Washer/Dryer Iron/Ironing Board and more...This comfortable studio sleeps two, has a full kitchen and bath, free Wi-Fi and Netflix, and is right in the middle of Belltown! Walking distance from active nightlife, pike place market, convention center and space needle. Close to bus lines! Live like the locals do! This is a charming studio apartment in one of the oldest apartment buildings in Seattle! The building is in the heart of Belltown, only a couple blocks away from a fabulous nightlife area with plenty of bars, comedy shows, dancing, and restaurants! It's a 15 minute walk from the convention center, and also from Pike Place Market. Space Needle is about 20 minutes walking. This unit is full of charm and quirky decor and was decorated and (somewhat) remodeled by yours truly! Recently installed a gorgeous chandelier, blackout blinds, and added some furniture improvements! The space is warm and cozy in the winter and doesn't get too hot in the summer, has hardwood floors and original furnace heating.  Guests are free to use th3 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, sleeps 7, Fitness Center, community BBQ, Free WiFi and Cable, Amazing Views of the Elliot Bay and a short walk to the waterfront. Experience urban downtown living at the beautiful and modern Olympus. Only a short walk away from Elliot Bay and the beautiful Seattle waterfront, Olympus offers beautiful views alongside an extremely accessible location.   Located in the heart of the Belltown neighborhood, this spot offers easy accessibility to downtown life while providing a spacious, relaxing, urban space. You can experience the best of Seattle living as you enjoy your morning coffee at the Seattle Art Museum Olympic Sculpture Park, conveniently located across the street, or venture out to experience Seattle's finest dining.  Olympus •3 bedrooms with a king, 2 queens, and a pull-out sofa •2 full bathrooms with shower and tub •Sleeps 7 •921 square feet  Nearby Attractions •Pike Place Market: 0.8 mile •IMAX Theater: 0.3 mile •Seattle Aquarium: 0.9 mile •Pacific SciencMy apartment is 1 block from the Pike Place Market, 1 block from the water front, and numerous coffee shops, bars, and restaurants in Belltown.  Downtown and Capitol hill are walkable.  1 bedroom with full bath, internet, clean.Luxury, Amenities, Location, and Views! Recently renovated with new furnishings and decor, this spacious apartment has over 1,200 SF. Featuring a balcony with city views, modern kitchen, and central air conditioning - hard to find in Seattle!  Come experience true luxury living in the heart of downtown.  Nothing is left out or overlooked at the Metropolitan Tower. Get the luxury amenities you'd get at a hotel with all the convenience, privacy, and space of a vacation rental.   Apartment #2711 features 1,213 square feet of comfortable living space. City views from every window of this apartment. This non-smoking apartment features 2 bedrooms, one with a queen bed and the other with two twins that can be made into a king. Both bedrooms feature ensuite bathrooms. An uncommonly comfortable queen-size sleeper sofa in the living room sleeps an additional 2 people for a maximum occupancy of 6 guests. The upscale sleeper sofa has no bars to wreck a good night's sleep and a thick foam mattress Enjoy Seattle like a local in this Historical Belltown apartment. With a walking score of 98 it is centrally located in the heart of the city. Just blocks away from the Puget Sound, Space Needle and Pikes Market you'll never be short on options. Constructed in 1918 this beautiful historical studio is in the heart of the City.  Gorgeous, original Oak flooring, Bay windows that overlook 2nd Avenue and the original Douglas Fir Molding give this space a truly unique feel. Guest Have the entire apartment to themselves.  It is a studio unit with full bathroom/full kitchen, both separate from the main room. A large walk in closet with clothes rods makes this space perfect for the long term traveler with lot of cargo. The space is directly across from the historic Crocodile and is central for all nightlife activities including live jazz clubs, music venues and great restaurants! - 15 minute walk to the Space Needle - Blocks away from Pike's Place Market  - High Speed Internet  - Flat Screen TVPrime SPACE NEEDLE VIEW!! Perfect location. PARKING INCLUDED. Wake Up To The Smell Of Starbucks Right downstairs! Shopping, Pike Place, waterfront/piers & Great Dining Experiences from every direction of your doorstep! Queen sized bed + full sized sleeper TRUE URBAN LOFT Designed by Elmer Fisher in 1889, the building was originally built as a hotel. Remodeled to condos by Murray Franklin.  Why this one? Wall of windows with city skyline view (and Space Needle!!)  wrap this Gorgeous Studio.  10 Ft Ceilings. Big Windows & Lots Of Natural Light. End Unit, Secured Underground Parking offering Views Of Belltown & Downtown, Washer/Dryer, Maple Cabinets, queen sized Bed with plush 800 thread count sheets and down bedding!  Full sized sleeper sofa folds down to accommodate 1 (SOMETIMES 2) more guests! Separate Sleeping Alcove. Just An Elevator Ride To Starbucks & Belltown Pub.  National registry building detailed with historic brick facade, new construction behind. This studio commands your trThis cozy pad is ideal for one or two people coming to Seattle for a short stay.  Right across the street from Seattle Center on beautiful 5th Ave, it couldn't be more central!   Within walking distance to all downtown locations, it's tucked away enough to avoid the crowds! Close to C Line Wifi:  TreeTopApartment password: treetopsWelcome to your home away from home. The spacious kitchen features plenty of space and is equipped to please any cook. Tall windows provide ample natural light and peaceful views of the European-style courtyard. The master bedroom features a ultra-comfortable queen size bed, oversized windows, en suite bathroom and walk-in closet.  The second bedroom features two plush twin sized beds, a spacious closet and an oversized window. A premium tempur-pedic sleeper sofa (it is actually comfortable!) in the living room allows for additional guests. For your convenience this condo also features wireless high speed internet, local and domestic long distance phone, cable TV, and a full sized washer and dryer. It is one of the rare vacation properties in the Belltown neighborhood with two bathrooms, so don't let this one get away!  This is perfect for business associates, family vacations or girl friend get-aways.   Building features include an indoor swimming pool, hot tub, sauna, and exercise faThe unit is located in a quiet Lower Queen Anne neighborhood minutes from the waterfront, the Space Needle, and the Monorail.Experience city-life in Seattle in a comfortable one bedroom apartment 5 minutes to Pike Place (walking). It's also an easy walk to the major tourist destinations and super easy to get anywhere in Seattle via public transportation! Our bedroom contains a comfortable queen sized bed, which will hopefully offer 1-2 guests a full night of beauty sleep to get ready for a day on the town! Relax and curl up with a book on the cozy couch in the living room. This waterfront location is truly unbeatable, close to all of Seattle's top attractions. Pike Place Market is only 5 minutes away on foot, and so is Waterfront Park! Nightlife is practically at your doorstep, with some of the city's hottest clubs, bars, and lounges within easy walking distance. You can also enjoy some of Seattle's best dining. Highly rated restaurants such as Serious Pie Pizza, Pike Place Chowder, Umi Sake House, and so much more are all less than 10 minutes away on foot. This is a coffee connoisseur's paradise, close to fRight next to the Space Needle and Pike place, our 1BR suite is in the heart of it all. Brand new modern furniture and appliances, gorgeous views of Lake Union. Perfect for employees looking for temporary housing for 3-6 months. Screening incl. Hola, Kon'nichiwa, Bonjour, Ni hao, Namaste, Xin Chao !!! * If this unit is booked, check out my other units under my profile. * Please msg me about yourself (age, gender, lifestyle) before booking.  * Also be sure to have a picture, and verification. * If possible, let me know your check in and check out times, and if you will need a secured parking spot for a small extra fee. Thank you for looking at our brand new 500 sqft apartment studio in Downtown Seattle's Belltown Neighborhood. In the space, you will have brand new bedding, a flatscreen TV equipped with Chromecast for Netflix/Youtube/..., a super comfortable couch, WiFi, a well stocked kitchen, tower fan, washer and dryer for laundry, and a lot more. You will have access to the amazing rGreat neighborhood! Step outside and you're in Pike's market, Seattle Center, the water front, and right downtown.  Weekends are a 2 night minimum.  This is a 2 bedroom/1 bath, shared with host, 3rd story cozy apartment with a peekaboo water view. It is a 5 minute walk from the Pike Market, 2 blocks from the water front with trails to run and cycle, and close to many Seattle restaurants, coffee shops, and attractions. I am a young professional, and travel frequently for work. I adore Seattle and would be happy to help with any questions or trip planning for your stay. Being right in the city you have access to all the major public transit routes within walking distance: light rail, free Alaskan waterway 99, and sound transit. Fresh linens and towels are provided. There are Pronto quick rent bicycles every few blocks. The building has a pool, hot tub, fantastic gym, computer lounge, resident lounge, and a beautiful rooftop deck with a gorgeous view of Elliot Bay. Entire apartment. PleasFantastic Views & Location. See our other locations nearby:  1 block away - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/3891695 4 blocks away - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5213468 [Amazing Corner Unit] 2 blocks away -  https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/3380159 With a 98% Walk-Score, this cozy 1BD apartment is right next to Pike's Place Market and also just a few blocks away from the convention center and top shopping areas downtown.  Our cool and comfortable apartment is right in the heart of downtown, just seconds away from all the downtown shopping, Pike's place market, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the convention center, the gum-wall.  - Scenic Views of Puget Sound - Next to Pike's Place Market - High Speed Internet - Flat Screen TV - Kitchen - Bedroom - Dining Table This is a great neighborhood. Key attractions and fun things to check out here include:  - Pike's Place Market (a favorite is Pike's Place Fish, where they'll lob huge fish over the counter to speBRAND NEW ONE BEDROOM IN PRIME LOCATION - CENTERED BETWEEN THE WATERFRONT AND BELLTOWN! PRIVATE WEST FACING PATIO. GORGEOUS DECOR THROUGHOUT. QUEEN SIZED BED, APPLE tv, all appliances, hardwoods throughout plus all toiletries and essentials! BRAND NEW |  600 sf 1 bedroom  Modern design, West facing PLUSH unit! RESORT style amenity package! Filled with games, books, area maps, etc. Wood flooring in living area, W/D in unit, bathroom equipped with all the necessities, You won't want to leave! Living area sofa sleeper folds down into a full sized bed! Private patio overlooks the tree lined Elliott Ave Queen sized bed, lots of closeting and extra linens! Hollywood regency themed decor throughout! Not a "chefs" kitchen Per-say, but everything you need cook a great meal of almost any sort! Various spices, condiments, teas and such provided! Walk-in shower, washer/dryer in unit + all toiletries! 46' SmarTV with Hulu, Netflix + local cable ready to watch! In unit wifi, desk station all availabFabulous city suite in Belltown, Seattle's hippest downtown neighborhood. Professionally decorated interior with modern colors! Beautiful water view from living space and second smaller bedroom's balcony. Unit has all new modern furnishings, 50" plasma TV in high definition and a smaller flat screen in the bedroom, both with DVD players. This unit includes wireless internet, and a phone for local and nationwide long distance. Seattle's finest restaurants, cafes, and nightlife are right out your door.  Features include an award-winning garden courtyard with fountains, gym, indoor pool, sauna, spa, large clubroom, stunning view roof-top decks with barbecues, and secure garage parking for one car.  This 2 bedroom condo has a king size bed in each bedroom. The master bedroom has 2 closets, dresser ans a smaller flat screen. The second smaller bedroom has no closet but does have a small juliet balcony and we managed a king size bed in there.  The living room has a Rowe queen size inflatableNeed more space? This is the Place!  This 2 Bedroom 1.75 bath condo has all that you are looking for.  Full kitchen, Washer/Dryer Dedicated parking spot, and a Queen Sized Sleeper sofa as well! The Master Bedroom features its own Cable TV, The Full Bath, a partial Water view, a balcony that is shared with the Living/Dinning Area, etc.  Its a King Sized Bed, with luxurious sheets, and all the privacy you'd be looking for. The Second Bedroom is on the other side of the condo, off the living room and features a queen sized bed and pocket doors to the living room, and easy access to the 3/4 bath (shower, sink, toilet). The building features amazing amenities including a Pool, Hot Tub, Dry Sauna, and 24 hour fitness center that is larger than your average building gym. Complete with million dollar views from the BBQ Deck, amazing location just a few blocks to everything including The Pike Place Market, Space Needle, EMP, Waterfront, Stadium District, Theater District and so much more!  ParkThis one bed apt is on the border of downtown Seattle and cap-hill with unobstructed scenic views of the Space Needle and has been popular among folks looking to be within a 10 min walk to the convention centre It's fantastic for folks who want to be half way between downtown, for conferences, and cap hill for nightlife and restaurants.  3 night minimum, 1 week and 1 month discounts  Off Denny and Melrose, right next to several highly rated yelp restaurants including: Sitka & Spruce, La Bete, Terra Plata, Artusi and others.  If you like speakeasy cocktails, knee high stocking co, which makes some of the best ones in town is around the corner. Other bars within 2-3 blocks are Still Liquor, Montana and Pine Box.  Also a short 10-12 min walk to the convention center, Nordstrom, Sephora, Diesel, Zara, All Saints, the Pacific Place Mall and many other shopping stores.  If you were to walk down on Denny, it would take about 10-12 mins to get to Whole Foods on Denny and Westlake.  High Speed Hi guys, my living room is available for you to stay in a short term basis. Located in the amazing neighbourhood of Belltown and accessible to multiple buses and a walking distance to downtown!A perfect apartment in Downtown Seattle.       This complex sits next door to the site of Seattle World's Fair and Space Needle.  Still over fifty years later this location is the place to be in the city. Nestled in Downtown Seattle between Queen Anne and South Lake Union, Walk Score 97! Extremely clean private bedroom with closet space and private bathroom.  You will be able to share kitchen and a lovely patio with barbecue.  There is a washer/dryer to utilize. The complex offers a rooftop with a spectacular view of the Space Needle.  Barbecues and fire pits are available up there.  Amenities also include a fully equipped gym. Your gracious host will be available to assist you during your stay. The Seattle culture and vibe exists throughout the neighborhood.  Very safe area with security 24 hours. Bus, bike, monorail all extremely accessible.  Walk Score of 97.A perfect location in downtown Seattle walking distance from the major tourist attractions: Pike Place Market, Space Needle, and the waterfront. The room has great lighting and even a view of the water. Close to major bus lines and the light rail.BEST locale-1st Ave, new furniture, WATER view!! WALK to Pike Place, Waterfront, Space Needle, sports stadiums, restaurants, bars, 2 BD, WD, comfy queen beds, HD TV's, full kitchen, FREE pkg-wifi-cable, hot tub, pool, wt rm, roof top terrace-bbq-VIEW LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION and new everything in this just recently offered 2 bedroom condo with a view of the water! Stay in the heart of Seattle, in Belltown on 1st Ave, which is the most desirable downtown neighborhood.  98% Walk Score-Pike Place Market (3 blocks), The Waterfront, Space Needle (5 blocks), Sports Stadiums-Seahawks- Mariners, Seattle Art Museum, Monorail, Olympic Sculpture Park, Aquarium, Moore Theatre, Great Wheel, Underground Seattle, Westlake Mall, Seattle Center, Chinatown-International District, Pioneer Square, Convention Center, Cruise Ship Terminal, Paramount Theatre, Pacific Science Center, Children's Museum, Experience Music Project, Underground Seattle. All nearby!! This fabulous corner unit has just come on tBeautiful new modern 1-BR unit on 10th floor features views of Downtown Seattle and the Sound. Tons of natural light, in a corner unit with luxurious finishes. Located in Belltown, blocks from the needle, bars, waterfront and close to Pike's Place! Modern feel to a one bedroom that has a perfect location. Everything in the pictures Minimal RiteAid convenience store attached to our building for quick access to any necessities. Very walkable to all of Seattle's best attractions. Pet friendly building, but not too many pets here. Pet grass on roof. Public restroom on ground level and roof.Fabulous suite with city views located in Belltown, Seattle's hippest downtown n'hood. Urban living at its best! Great for families or groups. Professionally decorated interiors with modern colors, all amenities, heated pool access, & secure parking. Unit has all new modern furnishings, 50" plasma TV in high definition and a smaller flat screen in the bedroom, both with DVD players. This unit includes wireless internet, and a phone for local and nationwide long distance.  Features include an award-winning garden courtyard with fountains, gym, indoor pool, sauna, spa, large clubroom, stunning view roof-top decks with barbecues, and secure garage parking for one car.  The bedroom has a king size bed, dresser and small balcony.  The living room has a Rowe queen size inflatable sleeper sofa for 2 people. An ottoman that opens up into a twin size bed. There is also a twin size airbed available in the unit to add to the extra sleeping options when needed. We provide all linens, pillows and bStay in the heart of Seattle at a bargain rate. Our Availability Calendars are always current.  Old World Charm The Virginian Apartments was once an elegant Victorian hotel dating back to 1918 where early Seattle pioneers stayed. Very little has changed in the building. The original granite entry between the school house lamps now has a gold leaf silhouette of Benjamin Franklin tipping his hat to guests as they arrive. The mahogany grand staircase, ornate mirror and original lamp fixtures are still there.  Downtown shopping, amazing restaurants, the waterfront and 5 star hotels just steps away.  This is a 36 unit apartment building with only 2 vacation rentals so you feel more at home than a hotel.  Nestled between Hotel Andra and The Warwick you are in an amazing location for a fraction of what these neighboring hotels charge. Stays at The Virginian offers a vacation of convenience. Being located at the south end of the Belltown Neighborhood puts our guests within walking distance to This centrally located studio apartment in the heart of the Historic Belltown Neighborhood is the perfect home base for your Seattle stay!  Walk to the Pike Place Market, Space Needle, Shopping District, and Seattle's BEST restaurants and bars.   This centrally located studio apartment in the heart of the Historic Belltown Neighborhood is the perfect home base for your Seattle stay!  Explore Seattle like a native! Our apartment is located in a small mixed use building and shares a grand foyer/entry way with a Speakeasy style cocktail lounge. The building was built in 1908 and originally housed a toy store & small grocery on the ground floor with apartments above.   The building now contains Pintxo (a Tapas Bar), The Upstairs (a speakeasy style cocktail lounge), and OUR APARTMENT. If you are someone who is excited about being at the pulse of the food/beverage/music industry - Belltown and our apartment are a perfect fit.  This 2nd story apartment is cozy and comfortable featuring a queeCome stay in my cozy 359 sf (33.4 m2) Belltown Studio in the heart of Downtown Seattle. I live close to great Restaurants, Coffee shops, and tourist attractions. Guest get a Key and one (1) City Bike Share pass. Inflatable Full size bed/ Futon option I have a hand crafted furnished 359 sf (33.4 m2) Studio in Belltown Seattle. No Wifi cable or internet Provided. I'm surrounded by coffee shops and Internet cafes though 0.1 Miles to EMP Museum  0.2 Miles to Seattle Center (Space Needle) 0.7 Miles to Pike Place Market 1.4 Miles to Kerry Park 1.8 Miles to Amtrak (King Street Station) 2.0 Miles to Seattle Seahawk (CenturyLink Stadium) 2.2 Miles to Greyhound Bus Station 5.1 Miles to Discovery ParkIn the heart of DOWNTOWN! Only 7 minutes walk to Pike place market, 6 minutes walk to Space needle. Surrounded by 5 star hotels and best  restaurants in town. Apartment historical fashion way. Visit SAM, stadiums, EMP, Space Needle, Ferries, Market, Seattle Wheel, and Aquarium.  Large space apartment that can fit up to 3 people. kitchen and bathroom available. Towels and sheets are provided. Coffee and coffee maker are provided. My unit is professionally managed and noise free. Cleaning in hallway is 3 times a week keeping it clean.  Parking is available on the street in a nearby garage. The unit does not have its own parking. Rental cars are also available nearby. I don't recommend you bring a rental car from the airport because you won't need it unless you want to drive far from the city. This apartment is professionally cleaned and sanitized for each guest hence the $35 cleaning fee. I apologize for this additional cost but it is in the best interest of all guests. This could save y    LOCATION, LOCATION - CLEAN and cozy Studio APT in the heart of D.T. Seattle; walk/bike anywhere! Iconic Space Needle 2 blks away; Full kitchen; in-unit W/D; Nice balcony; Awesome Rooftop with GORGEOUS views; THE BEST Value for your money period.    Welcome to beautiful Seattle. Building is located close to everything the city has to offer. Many nearby restaurants, coffee shops and bars. Short walk to many of the tourist attractions around town. A new kitchen cabinets and counter-top. New hardwood floor (no carpet) Queen bed in a room.  Kitchen includes following amenities - Oven, stove, refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, toaster and dishwasher. Main space includes - dining table+chairs, sofa/bed combo, a coffee table, ottoman and recliner chair. Bathroom includes vanity, Washer / Dryer and hair dryer. Fresh clean towels are provided. Iron + Iron table. A spacious shared balcony face the back side of the building. Guests have access to exercise room, business room and root top wThis downtown apartment is located right in the heart of Seattle across the street from the famous Pike Place Market. You can't beat this location if you want to be in walking distance from all the cities main attractions. You will be in the best location imaginable in Seattle.  Literally in the center of it all.  This cozy apartment captures the essence of living in Seattle. With a view on to 1st avenue and a gorgeous old Maple tree, you will be very comfortable in this stylish pied-a-terre. Kitchen fully equipped if you wish to cook, and you have every type of restaurant at your fingertips as well. One bedroom with Queen size memory foam mattress. One bathroom with shower (no tub) Sofa bed is smaller than a twin, so it's ideal for a child 12 yrs or younger or an adult no taller than 5ft.  465 Sq ft. with 11ft ceilings Entire apartment is yours and is located on the 3rd floor with elevator access. The coin operated washer & dryer is located on the 2nd floor. Your host, Kim, will be yoAmazing apartment in a perfect location. 5 minute walk to Pike Place Market and the Space Needle, 2 minutes to the Waterfront. Many of the best bars and restaurants are just a few feet away. Belltown is the hottest neighborhood in Seattle. Hola, Kon'nichiwa, Bonjour, Ni hao, Namaste, Xin Chao !!! * If this unit is booked, check out my other units under my profile. * Please msg me about yourself (age, gender, lifestyle) before booking.  * Also be sure to have a picture, and verification. * If possible, let me know your check in and check out times, and if you will need a secured parking spot for a small extra fee. Thank you for looking at our brand new 500 sqft apartment studio in Downtown Seattle's Belltown Neighborhood. In the space, you will have brand new bedding, a flatscreen TV equipped with Chromecast for Netflix/Youtube/..., a super comfortable couch, WiFi, a well stocked kitchen, tower fan, washer and dryer for laundry, and a lot more. You will have access to the amazing rooftoBeautiful building near the heart of downtown Seattle.   Blocks away from Pike Place Market.   Tom Douglas restaurant, gourmet food market, movie theater, and bar in lobby area.  7th floor pavilion w/ fire pits, & large event areas overlooking cityIn the heart of Belltown with water views over Elliot Bay and a spacious deck. This beautifully decorated one-bedroom with a high end sleeper sofa sleeps four in comfort with all the amenities of home; four blocks to the Space Needle and Seattle Cent Come stay in the center of everything in the trendy Belltown neighborhood of downtown Seattle!  This stylish, remodeled one-bedroom offers amazing views of the Puget Sound. Wake up to the water view from your bedroom and end your day relaxing and watching the sunset on your spacious deck.    This condominium is fully furnished and well equipped to offer all of the conveniences of home and the luxuries of an expensive hotel. The living room features the most comfortable sofa sleeper you will ever sleep on!  The American Leather queen-size sofa sleeper folds out as a complete platform to accommodate up to two people comfortably.  The bedroom is tastefully decorated with a queen size bed and water views. This high-rise residential building haHEART OF DOWNTOWN - WALK TO SPACE NEEDLE AND PIKE PLACE IN A MATTER OF BLOCKS! 2 sofa beds + queen! Quiet location, WD included, WIFI/cable, FREE parking and full kitchen. HOTEL STYLE INTERIOR AMENITIES, QUALITY LINENS AND TOILETRIES COME STANDARD! PERFECT IN EVERY WAY! Located in the heart of the city! Blocks to the waterfront, Pike Place Market, Space Needle, you name it!  Top floor, overlooking the quiet interior courtyard!  Step out the front door to the lanai overlooking the gorgeous PugetSound waterfront!  BEST coffee shop in Seattle, Macrenas, just an elevator ride away for morning coffee!  Sleeping alcove has queen sized bed, ample closet space and living area offers sleeper sofa that can accommodate 2 additional guests!  55' SMARTV included with Netflix, HULU, Youtube, etc!  (No local cable)  WIFI included in unit. FREE unit wifi + Netflix and Hulu, rooftop terrace steps from your front door with gas BBQ available overlooking the Puget Sound! I am local, just let me know what Enjoy Seattle like a local in this Historical Belltown apartment.  With a walking score of 98 it is centrally located in the heart of the city.  Just blocks away from the Puget Sound, Space Needle and Pikes Market you'll never be short on options. Constructed in 1918 this beautiful historical studio is in the heart of the City.  Gorgeous, original Oak flooring, Bay windows that overlook 2nd Avenue and the original Douglas Fir Molding give this space a truly unique feel. Guest Have the entire apartment to themselves.  It is a studio unit with full bathroom/full kitchen, both separate from the main room. A large walk in closet with clothes rods makes this space perfect for the long term traveler with lot of cargo. The space is directly across from the historic Crocodile and is central for all nightlife activities including live jazz clubs, music venues and great restaurants! - 15 minute walk to the Space Needle - Blocks away from Pike's Place Market  - High Speed Internet  - Flat Screen 2 bedroom by waterfront, with waterview.  Walking distance to Belltown restaurants & bars, Pike place market, Downtown shopping, Safeco Field, Historical Pioneer Square, Seattle SAM Sculpture Park, Myrtle Edwards Park. Waterfront condo, 1200+sq feet, 2 rooms with 2 Queen beds, living room space, dining room area, 2 TV's, close to everything!!!  Balcony overlook the Elliott Bay.   -Washer/Dryer in unit -Basic Cable -Free wifi -Full kitchen including cookware/eating utensil -Closet space -2 parkings -Queen size air mattress avail in unit -Towels, Shampoo/conditioner/soap, Dishes, hair dryers avail in unit 2 parking spaces Can be reached by text anytime.  I can meet up and/or just provide instructions to get the keys.  I am a pretty hand-off person!  But you can have as much or as little interaction with me, just let me know :) Walking distance or $5-8 cab ride to Pike Place market, Downtown seattle, Seattle Center, Space Needle, EMP, Popular club/bar area Belltown, Waterfront/Pier/Big WhRight at the heart of Seattle's fastest-growing area, this fantastic 1Bed is in belltown a few  blocks away from Pike's Place market and has desirable unobstructed south lake union and space needle views.Experience Seattle's ultimate urban condo living in award winning Shelby, located in the heart of the city's hippest Neighborhood! Enjoy the comforts of home while seeing the best the Emerald City has to offer right outside your front door. Close to everything including:  * The Space Needle  * Pike Place Market  * Victoria Clipper  * Experience Music Project museum (EMP)  * Ferries  * Seattle Center  * Olympic Sculpture Park  * Waterfront Boardwalk  * Aquarium  * Premium Shopping  * Trendiest dining only a few steps away!Thanks for considering staying with us!  We love to host people from all over the world in our centrally located condos! We are lucky to have such a place in the Heart of Downtown Seattle walking distance to all that Seattle has to offer.  **Book NOW for US Open Dates 2015.  This condo will have a one week minimum stay during US Open week. We have a walkscore of 98, and you'll find everything, including 100s of restaurants, grocery stores, etc within a short jaunt. This is located in a clean and modern building, with amazing amenities. Ever stayed in a rental with outdated furnishings, and items that look like they haven't been replaced for a couple decades? Or even worse a bunch of items acquired at garage sales and Goodwill? Not with us, everything is modern and professionally decorated and provide for a relaxing respite while staying in our Seattle Oasis. The Building features an Amazing 3000 sqft Rooftop Deck which has amazing views of The Puget Sound, Olympic & Cascade Mountains, Relax in a luxurious space in the heart of Belltown. Modern decor, clean finishes, and spectacular views await your stay. Your own private terrace opens to surrounding views of the Puget Sound, Space Needle, and Lake Union. Your key will give you access to other amenities such as the ground floor gym, View Roof, and bike locker. I'll be happy to answer any questions or help! Belltown is the epicenter of Seattle's restaurant scene, with hot nightclubs,  cool shops, and sits next to art, parks, and many of Seattle's iconic tourist destinations, such as the Space Needle. There is a main bus line directly outside on 3rd Ave.This cozy condo is conveniently located mere steps away from the building's pool, hot tub, sauna, and fitness room. Located in the heart of Belltown, staying in this unit will give you the real urban Seattle experience like you're just another local! Call our Tuscan inspired one bedroom condo your "home away from home" in Downtown Seattle.  The Condo is located in the lively Belltown Neighborhood. You will be surrounded by amazing restaurants, shopping, is within walking distance of most downtown businesses, tourist spots, Pike Place Market, and so much more! We have a walkscore of 97, with everything you need within a couple blocks, including amazing restaurants located on the first floor!  This unit has been completely refinished and upgraded.  Tuscan inspired colors and finishes with comforts of a five class hotel. Fabulous sheets, fully equipped kitchen for the seasoned chef and a Tempurpedic Sleeper sofa that will rival other Vacation Rental's master bedroom suite! Come try it outYou will love the location! Heart of Downtown..walk to Pike Place and the Waterfront. This is our newest place in Seattle, very modern studio in a brand new community with excellent common amenities.   If you are a large group, check our other listings, and you will find a one-bedroom in the same building. Our place comes with following amenities -  - A queen size bed with plush mattress  - More than sufficient closet space  - A well stocked kitchen with granite Counter Tops and Stainless Steel appliances  - Hardwood Floors  - Huge windows  - Washer and Dryer  - Fresh, clean towels in the bathroom  - HDTV with free Netflix and Roku - Free Wifi You will have access to all common amenities in the building, which includes a well-appointed 24 hours modern gym and the rooftop deck. The rooftop deck is special because it has the most beautiful views of Seattle downtown, and the water. The deck has a BBQ grills, if you want to enjoy a sunny day. The building also has a clubroom and a meeting I have a two bedroom 1.5 bath condo with amazing views centrally located a few blocks from Pikes Place Market and the central commercial district.  Belltown night life is right outside the door and walking to the waterfront is 5minute walk Weekends are a 2 night minimum. This is a 2 bedroom/1.5 bath, shared with host, 3rd story cozy apartment with a peekaboo water view. Its only a few blocks from Pike Market and the water front  2 blocks from the water front with trails to run and cycle, and close to many Seattle restaurants, coffee shops, and attractions. I am a young professional, and travel frequently for work. I adore Seattle and would be happy to help with any questions or trip planning for your stay. Being right in the city you have access to all the major public transit routes within walking distance: light rail, free Alaskan waterway 99, and sound transit. Fresh linens, towels are provide and travel bathroom supplies are provided. There are Pronto quick rent bicycles every few Experience the best of Seattle in my spectacular 1br/ba unit. Located one block away from Pike Place Market, the building is convenient walk to all parts of downtown. This corner unit has unbelievable floor-to-ceiling views of city, water and mountains. Located on the 22nd floor, this unit has its own private balcony overlooking the Seattle Waterfront and Ferris Wheel.  The >700 sq ft space has new modern furnishings and a queen sized bed. Television options include Xbox One, Netflix, Prime Video, Hulu Plus, OTA channels, and support for Miracast enabled tablets/phones. Unit also contains a AC/heating and full-size washer/dryer. Building amenities include 24 hour concierge, gym, and roof top deck/lounge. Walk Score 98/100 Very urban location has over 120 transit routes located within a 5 minute walk (Transit score: 100/100).  Link Light Rail (easiest way to Sea-Tac Airport) is located two blocks away.Make yourself at home in a large one bedroom apartment two blocks from Pike Place Market, Pier 66, and the Aquarium! Walking distance to most Seattle Attractions. Apartment leads directly out to a pool and hot-tub. I am offering my private apartment in a great location. I also have an air mattress that can fit in the living or bedroom so that up to 4 guest can stay at my apartment. I live on the first floor of an apartment complex and your room will walk directly out to the pool and hot-tub. My apartment is a one (private) bedroom one bath. The bedroom has a door that goes to the living area and a door that goes to the bathroom. The bathroom is also accessible from the living area. On weeks when I am not hosting guests, I am usually living in this apartment. I keep all of stuff at this apartment and take out only what I need when I have guests. There will be an open closet in the bedroom and 4 large drawers underneath your bed so that you can unpack your suitcase. I also will keep a smLuxurious single master bedroom in the heart of Belltown. Includes the apartment's spacious commons area, living room and kitchen. Light breakfast included!Modern apartment in the heart of belltown with spectacular amenities within the building. With a walk score of 99, anything and everything is just a short walk away. Nestled in the best location, surrounded by amazing eats & lively nightlife. Cozy room and your own bathroom! Stylish and modern building. You have free range of the living room as well. Feel free to use it as your work space. Also have an air mattress, so multiple guests are negotiable. FOB access or Call Box. You will also have a key to the front door. Don't forget to lock up! Check- in and out are flexible to an extent. Feel free to ask any questions! I would love to be your guide. If your stay is with me on the weekdays, I mostly will be studying in my room. For weekend guests, I usually go out but will be quiet upon return. Feel free to join my friends and I in our festivities! We are a friendly, and lively bunch. I work and go to school so I usually am busy but communication is key. Very Prized Location, high walk scGreat apartment in Belltown (north end of downtown).  Small, clean, quiet place convenient to most everything in the city.  Full kitchen, bath, living, bedroom, and even a deck. Amenities in the building include the upstairs deck (with grill and lounge furniture), swimming pool, hottub, gym, and office.  Upstairs deck is literally one of the best places in the city.  Space Needle, about 5 blocks away, seems to towers over you. Entire space is yours Neighborhood is called Belltown (north end of downtown) and this apartment is directly across the street from the Sculpture park and overlooking the Sound and Olympic Mountains. Walkscore is 97.  - 2 minute walk to coffee shops, restaurants.  - 5 minute walk to the heart of Belltown's restaurant district  - 10 minute walk to Queen Anne Hill and Key Arena - 15 minute walk to downtown Seattle and Pike's Place Market Easy access to multiple bus routes Less than a block away from bike-rental location.A few blocks between Pike Place Market and the Space Needle this Belltown Condo is an ideal location to relax. Open and spacious with views of the water from every window.  Watch the ferries and cruise ships from the queen bed as you fall asleep or enjoy a scone down stairs at the bakery in the building, if you're a foodie you'll love this spot. You are literally steps to the best of Seattle! *Free WiFi *Indoor Pool/Jacuzzi *Workout Room *Rooftop Deck & BBQ's Just a short trip from the airport, the Link Light Rail ($2.75) will drop you 0.6 miles from the unit (a 12 minute walk) or a cab is around $40. There are tons of lots to park in and street parking is free from 8pm-8am and free all day Sunday. The couch is a pullout so 4 people can enjoy this unit if you don't mind the size.  There's also an A/C unit for hot days but it's not central air!  I'm just a text message away so let me know if you have questions or need anything to make your stay more comfortable. The neighborhood is so FA beautiful apartment in a historic building in the heart of Seattle. Situated blocks away from the Pike Place Market, near great dining, nightlife, music, and near the waterfront and all transit opportunities, it is perfect for almost any traveller. We are subletting during our vacation a sweet apartment in the absolute best location for those visiting Seattle this Thanksgiving. It will be available between Nov 25 - Nov 29. We require a 3 night minimum stay for booking.  It is a charming loft with exposed brick on the top floor of an historic building in the Belltown neighborhood. You are situated in the middle of some of the best dining and nightlife in the city featuring everything from upscale gastropubs, to dive bars, to rock and or jazz music venues, theaters and art galleries. You are also a short walk from the Pike Place Market, and one block away from transit that can take you to anywhere else in the city. There is also a roof top patio with gas grill and a view of the Puget SThis is a beautiful and spacious downtown loft style studio in a modern Belltown building. It is centrally located and just blocks from: The Space Needle, Pike Place Market, Victoria Clipper, Waterfront, Aquarium. Free parking available! This is a beautiful and spacious downtown loft style studio in a modern Belltown building. It is centrally located and just blocks from everything including:  * The Space Needle  * Pike Place Market  * Victoria Clipper  * Experience Music Project museum (EMP)  * Ferries  * Seattle Center  * Olympic Sculpture Park  * Waterfront Boardwalk  * Aquarium  * Premium Shopping  Trendiest dining only a few steps away! The place has a 50" flat screen TV and free Wifi. You will also find a comfortable memory foam Queen bed, basic dishes/utensils, coffee machine, full set of brand new stainless kitchen appliances and a combined washer/dryer. My place is fully stocked and you can pretty much find everything you will need during a stay here. Just enjoy :) The BuildinLocated in Belltown, this comfy 1 bedroom/1 bathroom apartment is located in 49-unit building listed as a Historical Site of Seattle. Belltown is a hip, young area that borders the Retail Core and the Seattle Center. Foodies welcome!!! The Space  Located in Belltown, this comfy 1 bedroom/1 bathroom apartment is located in The Bremer, a 49-unit building listed as a Historical Site of Seattle. The apartment also has an open living area and full kitchen.  The Neighborhood  Belltown is a hip, young area that borders the Retail Core and the Seattle Center. As the most densely populated neighborhood in Seattle, Belltown has plenty to offer. From trendy restaurants and nightclubs to eclectic shops and art studios, it's a unique area worth exploring.  Getting Around  This apartment is easily accessible to Downtown or Queen Anne, home of the Space Needle, EMP Museum, and Seattle Repertory Theatre. A bus stop located just across the street can take you to the surrounding neighborhoods.  Other Th-Cozy studio apartment -Very comfortable pillow top bed ful  -Continental breakfast  -Well appointed kitchen  -Minutes walk to restaurants, bars, cafes, tourist attractions, museums, galleries, and shopping -Stay in the heart of Seattle 1 full size luxury pillow top bed, additional  twin inflatable mattress available upon request. Full kitchen, private bathroom, closet, WIFI, flat screen, DVD player. Guests have access to entire apartment excluding 1 closet  Washer/Dryer in building I am available to answer any questions or concerns about the city and the apartment by text or email. I am more than happy to provide suggestions and tips about the city and assist in any way possible. Belltown is full of restaurants, bars, cafes, art galleries, and music venues. From the Crocodile to the Moore Theatre, from Pike place Market to the Space Needle, from Shorty's to The Upstairs,  from a Tuesday night to a Saturday afternoon, there is something for everyone! I am located 2 blocks from the main** Please read our entire listing description before booking - thx! ** This is studio #17 - one of two private airbnb rooms (located in the same building). We designed the rooms as simple & affordable spaces for arts-related guests, for brief stays & short-term artist residencies near the heart of Seattle's downtown gallery district. But you don't have to be an artist to stay here - all are welcome!  ** Please read our entire listing description before booking - thx! ** This is a quiet private room located among 15 other art studios on the 2nd floor in the Japantown area of Seattle's historic International District. It has an upper bed-loft with a luxurious Novaform queen mattress & very comfortable bedding - plus a sweet skylight** above the bed. The lower portion of the loft has a small couch (not meant for sleeping), desk & chair, and other basic furniture. Free wifi and satellite TV w/HBO are included. There's a shared kitchenette (not a full kitchen) and 2 shared bathrooms (one wiThis beautiful apartment is all about location & gorgeous views!  Private bedroom & bathroom are set up to make you feel comfortable & right at home. Three blocks from the transit station means not making a long trek before or after your flight or after a long, tiring day in the city. Your private oasis features stunning panoramic views, a private bathroom (also with gorgeous views from your windowed shower), an in-room Mac computer with a 22" monitor, Netflix, Hulu, and a color printer. You will also have access to the gym, sauna, amazing rooftop patio, and barbecue. Living room, kitchen (meat-free cooking only, please), bathroom, elevator, rooftop patio, gym, sauna, laundry. We will meet you when you first arrive to go over the house rules and give you the keys. After that, how much you see us will depend on all our schedules! Seattle's International District is a busy, interesting, and exciting place. There are dozens of delicious ethnic restaurants  just minutes away! Make sure youLGBT are welcome. Private vintage-inspired room with en-suite bathroom, close to downtown, Capitol Hill, Hospitals, Convention Center, Seahawks & Mariners Stadiums. Dog friendly, free parking, wifi, and comfy queen size sleigh bed. Charming apartment in First Hill, close to downtown, Capitol Hill, Hospitals, Convention Center, Seahawks & Mariners Stadiums. Pet friendly, free parking, wifi, and comfy queen size bed. I'd like to think my apartment feels like Ernest Hemmingway married Audrey Hepburn - it's an eclectic mix of things I picked up from my travels around the world and old hollywood charm. From the thick-pile rugs, crystal decanters and ever-growing collection of books, I'd love to invite you to kick back and enjoy yourself.  My home is quite spacious for Seattle standards (the building is from 1915 after all…) At 1300 square feet, the apartment has a separate dining and living room, plus the guest room comes with a en-suite bathroom. The guest bedroom has a queen size bed and This is one folding cot in the main hall of the Temple.   You will be sharing space with others and the Buddha's.  The beds are separated by Shoji screens for privacy.  The kitchen and bathrooms are shared with the other guests and facility manager. The space is the main hall of a Buddhist Temple.  This is the traditional way that pilgrims and travelers enjoy a peaceful nights sleep.  (Our space does not have a shower). The whole main hall temple space and library. We interact with our guests as a traditional Buddhist temple.  We remove our shoes, have separate slippers for the bathroom and offer a morning and evening Buddhist service to attend. We are located in the historic Seattle Chinatown.  Lots of great food and entertainment.  These are the streets that Bruce Lee once walked. Yes, we are conveniently minutes from the Jackson St. terminal. We offer a traditional Japanese Buddhist breakfast of rice, miso soup and Japanese pickles.  (Our space currently does not have a shower.)This is one folding beds in the main hall of the Temple.   You will be sharing space with others and the Buddha's.  The beds are separated by Shoji screens for privacy. The kitchen and bathrooms are shared with the other guests and facility manager. The space is the main hall of a Buddhist Temple.  This is the traditional way that pilgrims and travelers enjoy a peaceful nights sleep.  (Our space does not have a shower). The whole main hall temple space and library. This is a Buddhist Temple so guests are expected to follow Buddhist customs of removing shoes and attending morning and evening service. We are located in the historic Seattle Chinatown.  Lots of great food and entertainment.  These are the streets that Bruce Lee once walked. Yes, we are located two doors from the Jackson Street terminal. We offer a traditional Japanese Buddhist breakfast of rice, miso soup and Japanese pickles.  (Our space currently does not have a shower.)Located in the heart of International District. One block from the Link which provides direct access to Seatac. My apartment is very clean, with a private bedroom and shared bath.** Please read our entire listing description before booking - thx! ** This is studio #7 - one of two private airbnb rooms (located in the same building). We designed the rooms as simple & affordable spaces for arts-related guests, for brief stays & short-term artist residencies near the heart of Seattle's downtown gallery district. But you don't have to be an artist to stay here - all are welcome! ** Please read our entire listing description before booking - thx! ** This is a quiet private room located among 15 other art studios on the 2nd floor in the Japantown area of Seattle's historic International District. It has an upper bed-loft with a luxurious Novaform queen mattress & very comfortable bedding. The lower portion of the loft has a small loveseat couch (not meant for sleeping), desk & chair, and other basic furniture. Free wifi and satellite TV w/HBO are included. There's a shared kitchenette (not a full kitchen) and 2 shared bathrooms (one with a shower) in the hallway just Nestled in  the heart of the International District this cozy one bedroom apartment is perfect for two people looking to experience Seattle.  Step out the front door to explore Chinatown or stroll through historic Pioneer Square.A Puget Sound view two bedroom  - two bath home in Downtown Seattle. Where the International District and Downtown Seattle collaborate. An oasis on a steep hill above. The quintessential Downtown Seattle experience begins with an apt. facing the Sound.  Unobstructed views of Seattle's waterfront. The apt. is minimalist. Clean, fresh, and all new furniture featuring Beauty Rest queen mattresses in both suites. New appliances and HDTVs with Amazon TV.  No cable. A rooftop deck, gym off lobby and the most central location in this price and class category.  Pioneer Square, Uwajimaya, Pike Place Market, Benaroya Hall, International District, the stadiums? Yes yes yes yes yes yes, and more... so much more.... Major Metro, Blue Line - Light Link Rail, Bolt Bus and Amtrak - light rail train stations - all in this neighborhood.  We believe in your sense of good judgement, including leaving the keys at checkout. Entire home.  We are located on a rather steep hill. It is one block upward. Washer/Puget Sound view Master bedroom and ensuite private bath. Your downtown Seattle experience  begins with a room on a hill bordering International District and Pioneer Square.  Welcome to Chez Dex. This is a view suite facing Puget Sound in a modern building. It is spare - minimalist but very fresh. All linens, towels, etc. are newer.  Security entry and site patrol.   We absolutely stock essentials for your private bathroom.  As you are in Seattle - Coffee will always be on hand for brewing.  Watch the Ferries as they enter and exit Colman Dock, from the living room balcony. Take in all that Downtown Seattle has to offer. We can assist with bus routes into many of the great neighborhoods surrounding your homebase.  We do not offer cable TV due to prohibitive costs. Instead, we have internet - Amazon Fire TV's voice remote system for our new HDTVs.  Have we mentioned this is a private suite rental and not the entire place? Shared common area of kitchen and living room. Your suite is compYeah, it's small, but you're in the middle of the International District! Amazing food and culture are literally steps from the front door. Link light rail station is a block away so super easy access to SeaTac Airport. Also an easy walk to both stadiums (10 minutes to Seahawks!) It's small, so be prepared for that. But it's in the middle of Chinatown! Easy walk to downtown and the Stadiums! Because it's such an active neighborhood it can be noisy on weekends. You can hear street activity in the apartment. To combat this I provide ear plugs and an alarm clock that has rain and other natural sounds if you need (the clock is enough for me and I'm a light sleeper). Also, Chinatown is not the Beverly Hills of Seattle.  It's the Chinatown of Seattle, meaning it's a bit gritty (like every Chinatown I've been to in any other city).  Most Air BNB folks won't have an issue, but wanted to put that disclaimer in there.  The building is an old hotel converted to apartments. The address isn't easilArtsy & nerdy decor located in a quiet building complete with in-home eclectic record collection. Very convenient location for transportation to anywhere in the city. Very close to LINK light rail & Amtrak station. *Using Keycafe I'll be available by phone if you need me at anytime.This 750 sq foot 2 bedroom apartment is in an amazing location close to the stadiums and the light rail. It features a balcony with a small grill and an amazing rooftop deck with an unbeatable view of the city. My unit is perfect for anyone wanting to stay in Seattle for a Seahawks, Sounders or Mariners game. It's only 1/2 mile from CenturyLink Stadium and 1.0 mile from Safeco Field. The beautiful rooftop balcony is perfect for a BBQ or even a tailgate before the game.  There is a balcony in the unit with a great view of the stadiums. There is a queen bed in the main bedroom and also a top of the line queen sized inflatabed in the 2nd bedroom. The unit has 1 bathroom and a washer & dryer for your uses. I will provide all linens, pillows, towels, laundry detergent and other essentials like toilet paper & paper towels. Please note that I live in this unit. I will have some personal stuff in there, but you will still have plenty of space for your use. I will have items in the refrigeratorLGBT friendly. My 1915 two bedroom, two bathroom apartment features ten foot ceilings, hardwood floors and lots of vintage style. Located in First Hill, close to downtown Seattle, Capitol Hill and blocks from the major hospitals. Free parking, wifi. My 1915 two bedroom, two bathroom apartment features ten foot ceilings, hardwood floors and lots of vintage style. Located in First Hill, close to downtown Seattle, Capitol Hill and blocks from the major hospitals.  Looking for a home away from home? My home is warm and friendly with lots of vintage style. It sleeps up to four and has lots of old-world charm! I'm also located in First Hill, which is between downtown Seattle and Capitol Hill.  I'd like to think my apartment feels like Ernest Hemmingway married Audrey Hepburn - it's an eclectic mix of things I picked up from my travels around the world and old hollywood charm. From the thick-pile rugs, crystal decanters and ever-growing collection of books, I'd love to invite you to kick backThis beautiful apartment is all about location & gorgeous views! Two private bedrooms & bathrooms are set up to make you feel comfortable & right at home. Fully furnished kitchen. Three blocks from the transit station means not making a long trek from the airport after a long flight. Walking distance to downtown! Your private oasis features stunning panoramic views, two bedrooms (full bed in smaller room and queen in master) and two bathrooms (guest bathroom has gorgeous views from the windowed shower), guest room has an in-room Mac computer with a 22" monitor, Netflix, Hulu, and a color printer. Living room has cable, Netflix, Hulu, Amazon tv, and Wii with lots of games. Fully furnished kitchen with dishwasher. You will also have access to the apartment gym, sauna, amazing rooftop patio, and barbecue. Living room, kitchen (meat-free cooking only, please), bathroom, elevator, rooftop patio, gym, sauna, laundry. We will meet you when you first arrive to go over the house rules and give Look west from our top-floor corner apt. toward Puget Sound, the Olympic Mtns, and the entirety of Pioneer Square. 1/4 mile to: transit corridor; stadiums; International District; coffee, food, and cocktails. The apartment receives ample ambient lighting, and has an open, (freshly) carpeted floor plan. The building is at the edge of Seattle's most historic neighborhood– and while it sits at the base of the city's largest hill, our room is high enough to enjoy an unobstructed view of Puget Sound, the Olympics, and a profile of both downtown and the port. There's exceptional mobile service and WIFI in the unit, but we encourage you to relax and enjoy disconnecting a bit. Lots of books provided (but please don't take them home with you!) In most cases, we will be available to personally deliver the key to visitors while introducing them to our space; however, painless, fast entry is available around the clock for guests (in case we're traveling, too!) The unit features a queen-sized bed, Hello! Our apartment is located near the International district, Occidental Park and walking distance to the Seahawks Stadium and downtown.  It's a great base to explore Seattle with lots of transportation options near-by and late nights food options. We are renting the whole place and won't be available.  If possible we would like to meet to drop-off keys for easier transactions. Lots of great sushi restaurants and coffee shops near-by.  There some places to have brunch downtown and occidental square. A quick bus to downtown is 10 min wait or less, or you can walk there its  about 20 minutes away.  Lightrail is 4 blocks away.This huge open-plan 2 bedroom with large living room is in the perfect location for a comfortable and convenient place to stay. Located near the Convention Center and the Downtown Shopping District up the street from the amazing Seattle Library. Huge apartment for you to use hoping to make your stay more enjoyable. Let me know if you need anything. I can help with parking tips or restaurant suggestions or anything you might need. Only access to the apartment. There is a laundry room but you need a key. If you plan on using the laundry room let me know so I can leave the key for you. Thanks. I will always be available by phone or text to help with any issues or questions. (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) It's in the middle of it all. You can walk to the stadiums or to Pike Place or stay right downtown for shopping and concerts. The Pioneer Square Light Rail Station is a few blocks away and makes it very easy to get around to the airport and around the city. There are also lots of buses and Uber orAvailable for stays of 7 nights or longer! With a perfect walk score of 100, this spacious one bedroom condo is light and bright and large enough to accommodate four people with a luxury sofa sleeper.  Building features 24 hour concierge service, indoor pool and hot tub, and fitness room. On the 7th floor of this residential high rise building, you have an eastern exposure and an amazing city view which you can enjoy from your living room, bedroom or the expansive balcony overlooking 2nd Avenue. The spacious one bedroom condo is light and bright and large enough to accommodate up to four people with a luxury style sofa sleeper in the living room. Numerous updates throughout the condo ensure your stay will be more than satisfactory. Newly added to our boutique collection of homes, everything in this condo is brand new. Professionally designed, comfort and luxury can be found in this sophisticated pied-a-terre. Linens and all utilities are provided, including cable television, local teleLocated 3 blocks from the first Starbucks, Pike's place market and the waterfront, this amazing 2bed is very comfortable and cool in the summer with Air Conditioning, a nice bonus in Seattle with our record setting summer temperaturesStay downtown in the best location you're going to find! Parking included (huge expense downtown and most others charge for it). Adjacent to Pike Place market, the Seattle waterfront, and so much more.This open plan one bedroom enjoys a unique location at the intersection of the Downtown Shopping District, Financial District and Capitol Hill. It's within easy walking distance of the downtown tourist attractions, and within three blocks of almost all King County and Metro transit lines including the Link Light Rail connecting to SeaTac Airport. The apartment has a ton of character - original 1912 hardwood floors and moldings, 12 foot ceilings, bay windows, and a lovely view of Elliott Bay, West Seattle, and the Olympic Mountains on a good day. A full roster of digital cable channels are at your disposal, along with speedy and dependable wireless internet access.Thoughtful blend of architectural design mixed with historic charm.Beautiful corner unit loft with soaring high windows. Perfectly located at the center of downtown in a piece of history. Steps away from Pike Place Market, and other popular landmarks Beautiful loft space that was featured in Seattle Magazine and the Seattle Times.  Nicer than any luxury hotel with an unbeatable location. Guests will have access to the rooftop terrace and BBQ in addition to the entire unit. No interaction with guests Located in Westlake Park (the town square of Seattle) it doesn't get any more central than this!  Steps away from every major attraction in downtown Seattle Light rail from the airport lets you off steps from the building.  You are close to all the bus terminals, the Seattle Monorail and South Lake Union rail line  Cleaning fee $135 Check in time 3pm Check out time 11am Guests will have access to the rooftop terrace and BBQ in addition to the entire unit. No interaction with guests Located Our modern condo is in an unbeatable location- one block from Pike Market, and an easy walk to Pioneer Square, South Lake Union, and all transportation. It has a secure parking spot and incredible amenities. Please note- 1 week minimum stay. We completely redesigned this 9th floor condo in summer 2015- most of the furniture and all of the linens are brand new. The queen sized bed is very comfortable, and the bedroom has a smart TV that you can use to catch up with your Netflix list and a desk in case you need to get some work done. The living room has a great Crate & Barrel couch that pulls out into a queen sized bed, and we have a queen sized air mattress if needed. The kitchen is fully equipped to cook meals, although you may not want to cook given the easy access to incredible restaurants in the neighborhood. There is even a washer and dryer in the unit for you to use. All linens, kitchen and bathroom basics, and cleaning supplies are provided. We can provide a pack-n-play crib if yOne block from Pike Place Market, the best of Seattle's downtown is at your fingertips in the beautiful Harbor Steps apartments. This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, is Family Friendly and Handicap Accessible, and Sleeps 6. Free parking, 1 car. UNIT HAS BEEN RENOVATED! FIXTURES ARE UPGRADED. NEW PICTURES COMING SOON! 2 BLOCKS TO PIKE PLACE MARKET AND 1/2 BLOCK TO WATER AND PIERS!!! Live like a local during your stay at the amazing Harbor Steps property located in the heart of downtown Seattle! You'll be a couple blocks away from the famous Pike Place Market and right in the middle of all the action. Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities! The Harbor Steps property is located on First avenue, between Seneca and University in the Belltown neighborhood, two blocks from Seattle Waterfront. The property is an easy trip from SEA-TAC airport by car and rail. Harbor Steps: -2 bedrooms with a king bed and a queenNice apartment right on Pike's Place market with a beautiful western facing view of the water With a near 100% Walk-Score, this 1BD apartment is on Pike's Place Market, just a few blocks away from the first Starbucks in the world and has a clear western facing water sunset view! Our cool and comfortable apartment is on pike's place market, right next to the gum-wall, and just seconds away from all the downtown shopping, post alley, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the convention center.  - Scenic Views of Puget Sound and the ferris wheel - on Pike's Place Market - High Speed Internet - Flat Screen TV - Kitchen - Bedroom - Dining Table This is a great neighborhood. Key attractions and fun things to check out here include:  - Pike's Place Market (a favorite is Pike's Place Fish, where they'll lob huge fish over the counter to spectators) - The First Starbucks - The Seattle Great Wheel - Post Alley (Unique enclave of restaurants, shops and of course,Come relax in this gorgeous Zen style city retreat with superior furniture and stylish touches featuring wood floors, granite countertop, park-like views, spacious 1 bedroom suite w/ memory mattress sofa bed and roller bed for up to 5 guests. Winter promo (Dec. & Jan.): FREE parking, FREE luggage storage for early check in/out, FREE roller bed (subject to availability) On First Hill, just off Pike Street, adjacent to Washington State Convention Center, ACT Theater, Paramount Theater, Niketown, H&M, Gameworks, shops, restaurants, grocery and more. Pike Place market, Capitol Hill, Virginia Mason and Swedish hospital are just few blocks away. A one bedroom condo with queen size bed + queen size sofa bed. Extra roller bed available upon request (additional fee of $30/night/roller bed will apply for booking with 3 or 4 guests).  Kitchen is fully equipped, flat screen TV with digital cable in living room. All linen provided, 1 office desk, pay-coin washer and dryer available in building, wirReally simple space, but very clean and conveniently located Gigabit wifi, rooftop with BBQAmazing 1 Bedroom suite located in the heart of downtown with a magnificent view of Seattle in a top notch building.  Just one block away from the convention center and Hyatt. Great for restaurants, shopping e.t.c. Nordstrom is only 2 blocks It is literally just one block away from the Hyatt hotel and the convention center. Great for restaurants, shopping e.t.c. Nordstrom is only 2 blocks away and Pike's place market is about 6 blocks downhill on the same street! Includes high-speed internet, a large flat screen TV, a washer/dryer, clean/fresh linens and modern furnishings.If you're looking to live an authentic downtown seattle lifestyle you have found the spot. Right in the middle of all the shopping, blocks from Pike Place market, and as central as you can get for all the best neighborhoods in seattle. This 500 sq ft 1 bedroom 1 bathroom apartment in the middle of down town Seattle has a full kitchen, leather sofa, 2 flat screen tvs, cable & wifi access. The perfect space for someone who want to enjoy the Seattle sites. I typically will be out of town when My apartment will be available but I will be available by phone 24/7 to answer any questions guest will have. I will also have city maps for guest with some of my favorite spots labels on the map. There nothing much to say about how perfect the location is. You will be able to walk to everywhere. The apartment is located across the street from Nordstroms, 5 blocks from Pike Place market, .07 miles from the Seattle center, and space needle, and located right in the middle to get to any of the surroundSeattle Suites, LLC manages privately owned furnished condos in the heart of downtown Seattle.  Our comfortable beds, great location, flexible pricing and lengths of stay make us the perfect choice for business and leisure travel.   Live like a Seattleite.  In the heart of downtown Seattle, our location is rated a “walker's paradise" with a 96 out of 100 walkability score.  Next to the Washington State Convention Center, 8 blocks from the Pike Place Market, near all major medical facilities (ie. Virginia Mason, Swedish Hospital, Polyclinic, Harborview Medical Center, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center) and the central business district, our location is ideal whether you are staying in Seattle for business, vacation or medical treatment.  This 725 sq. ft. condo will sleep up to six with a king bed in one bedroom, twin beds in the second and a sleeper sofa in the living room.  The twin beds can be put together to form a king upon request.  There is one bath with a large shower.  All amenitiesBrand new everything!  Stunning Home Away from Home with Pike Place Market around the corner, our vibrant city is literally at your doorstep awaiting you.  *PLEASE NOTE: This property has a 7 night minimum stay* On the 7th floor of this residential high rise building, you have an eastern exposure and an amazing city view which you can enjoy from your living room, bedroom or the expansive balcony overlooking 2nd Avenue.  The spacious one bedroom condo is light and bright and large enough to accommodate up to four people with a luxury style sofa sleeper in the living room.  Numerous updates throughout the condo ensure your stay will be more than satisfactory. Newly added to our boutique collection of homes, everything in this condo is brand new.  Professionally designed, comfort and luxury can be found in this sophisticated pied-a-terre.  Linens and all utilities are provided, including cable television, local telephone service and wireless internet access.  Need parking?  You have your A true gem in the rough! My wife and I are fortunate enough to live in a beautiful 11th floor condo on the central waterfront of downtown Seattle. We have a guest bedroom featuring a comfy pull-out Ikea bed and a great view of the city You won't find a more central location than this! We are just a block from the light rail and the majority of the bus routes. Pike place market is on our doorstep. There is a full sized Target store on the first 3 floors of the building. What's even better is the amazing view you'll be able to take in from this lovely home This listing is for a private room in our 2 bed/2 bath condo. We live here as well, so while the bedroom and bathroom are private, the rest of the living area would be shared. There is a closet and dresser in the bedroom, as well as a small desk should you need to get some work done.  We do provide towels and basic toiletries for our guests. The towels are located on the rack in the guest bathroom. There is shampoo and body wash in the1BD in the heart of Seattle's downtown, shop and entertainment district. You will never be bored or hungry. Enjoy the incredible water and city views from and the 5-star luxury amenities and finishes. Perfect place to call home when you're visiting! This brand new Art Deco inspired high rise apartment provides the best views of downtown Seattle while putting you in the center of the action. At over 800 square feet of living space and a huge walk in closet, you're sure to feel right at home while being just an elevator ride away from the hustle and bustle of downtown Seattle. A short 2 minute walk down Pine Street will direct you to the famous Pike Place Market. A quick one minute walk to Seattle's financial district and the convention center. After a day at work or exploring the sights, enjoy the numerous restaurants and bars/lounges nearby in Pacific Place, Westlake Center, such as Blue C Sushi, Cheesecake Factory, Palomino, Capital Grill, Gordon Biersch, Morton's, Ruth Chris, and manMy apartment is cozy at a whopping 447 sq ft! -Large Windows -Couch w/ Hide-a-bed for an extra sleeping space -Blocks from Pike Place Market -One block from Westlake Center Light Rail direct to airport for $3/per -Across the street for Nordstrom The space is cozy at 447 sq ft, but its location makes up for it! Located on Pine Street, you only have to walk down a few blocks to reach Pike Place Market. It's also located across the street from Nordstrom's flagship store and kitty-corner from Pacific Place (Barney's, Tiffany's, Michael Kors, Bebe).  There is a full-sized hide-a-bed that can comfortably fit 1 adult or 2 kids.  There is also a laundry facility located in the basement if needed. Coin operated only. No change machine. Whole Apartment I will be out of town so there will be no face to face interaction with me. Downtown Seattle is very eclectic. You'll find business people walking to and from work. You'll also find musicians on corners and in front of store entrances trying to giLocated Downtown Seattle - Spacious living space with a balcony. Apartment has a partial water view! Indoor pool and gym, close to dining, shopping and entertainment! Our apartments are professionally managed, giving you a clean and comfortable environment. Every apartment is fully furnished and professionally cleaned between residents. You will have full access to the apartment and the amenities that the community offers. Our regular office hours are Monday – Friday, 8:30AM – 5:00PM PST. We also have an associate on-call 24 hours a day for emergencies. All of our apartments are Non-Smoking regardless if it is allowed on the community or not. There will be a $250 fee for any apartments that have been smoked in.Experience the best of Seattle with convince and comfort! Located up the street from Pikes Place Market, this brand new spacious 1 BD apartment has a very modern feel and is within walking distance to every major attraction in the downtown area. The apartment has been thoughtfully furnished with quality modern furniture, has a fully loaded kitchen, washer & dryer, and a rooftop to layback and rest on. You'll definitely feel like you're in the center of everything Seattle! This is brand new modern apartment that has been thoughtfully furnished with all the amenities to make you feel at home. The building is also new and has a modern decor. Live life like a Seattle local who has comfortable oasis in the center of all the action :) You will have access to the common area lounge and rooftop deck. Just shoot me a call/text/or e-mail and I will help out in whatever way I can. This apartment is located directly in the center of Seattle's most popular downtown area.  You will only be a 3min waLocated 3 blocks from the first Starbucks, Pike's place market and the waterfront, this amazing unit is very comfortable and cool in the summer with Air Conditioning, a nice bonus in Seattle with our record setting summer temperaturesOld style studio in Downtown Seattle! Clawfoot bathtub, large-ish kitchen. Somewhat of a view! Hardwood floors! Couch, Desk and Queen size bed. Close to all of the popular Seattle neighborhoods! Close to the bus and freeway as well! The best part about living downtown is you are close to Capitol Hill, Pike Place Market, First Hill, Pioneer Square and The Stadiums!! Public transportation is very easy just a few blocks away!Our cool and comfortable downtown apartment has all brand new energy efficient appliances. Located in the heart of Downtown Seattle with beautiful floor to ceiling windows and a incredible rooftop deck and grilling area. A great space in a great city Located in the heart of Downtown Seattle. Conveniently located across the metro transit tunnel and the light rail.Amazing 2 Bedroom 2 bath located in the heart of downtown with a magnificent view of Seattle in a top notch building.  Just one block away from the convention center and Hyatt. Great for restaurants, shopping e.t.c. Nordstrom is only 2 blocks. It is literally just one block away from the Hyatt hotel and the convention center. Great for restaurants, shopping e.t.c. Nordstrom is only 2 blocks away and Pike's place market is about 6 blocks downhill on the same street! Includes high-speed internet, a large flat screen TV, a washer/dryer, clean/fresh linens and modern furnishings.Amazing 1 Bedroom suite located in the heart of downtown with a magnificent view of Seattle in a top notch building.  Just one block away from the convention center and Hyatt. Great for restaurants, shopping e.t.c. Nordstrom is only 2 blocks1300 sq. ft. luxury condo located in the heart of Seattle's retail and entertainment district. This unit contains stainless steel appliances, access to a pool, spa, gym and easy walking to several attractions. 1300 square foot 1BR/1.5BA luxurious condo unit located in the heart of Seattle's retail and entertainment district. The unit in a corner unit with wrap around full-height windows and a balcony with gorgeous views, 10-foot ceilings, Bosch stainless appliances & CA closets. Guests will have the privacy of your own luxurious master bath with tub and standing shower, in addition to a guest powder room.  The condo is located on top of a world-class hotel and guests will have access to amenities and services such as a state of the art fitness center, a 65 foot saline lap pool, spa, club, and recreational facility. Additional amenities include a residential club lounge that has an outdoor terrace, billiards room, and entertainment room. The unit is located in the heart of Downtown SeatThis apartment is located in the heart of downtown Seattle. Walking distance to a wide variety of shops, restaurants, and more. Beautiful brand new building, floor to ceiling windows, and a incredible view of the Paramount theater. Rooftop deckHarbor Steps is located in Downtown Seattle, close to dining, entertainment and shopping! Located near the waterfront, making for a unique experience all around! Our apartments are professionally managed, giving you a clean and comfortable environment. Every apartment is fully furnished and professionally cleaned between residents. You will have full access to the apartment and the amenities that the community offers. Our regular office hours are Monday – Friday, 8:30AM – 5:00PM. We also have an associate on-call 24 hours a day for emergencies. Parking is not included in this reservation. On-site hourly public parking available in building, not provided through National Corporate Housing. All of our apartments are Non-Smoking regardless if it is allowed on the community or not. There will be a $250 fee for any apartments that have been smoked in.  Pets are allowed for a $350 non-refundable fee. Limit 2 pets, breed restrictions applyLife at the Premiere on Pine is all about high-end amenities and an unbeatable downtown Seattle location! Gourmet restaurants, historic theaters, and world-class shopping are all just steps away during your perfect Seattle vacation. Life at the Premiere on Pine is all about high-end amenities and an unbeatable downtown Seattle location! Gourmet restaurants, historic theaters, and world-class shopping are all just steps away during your perfect Seattle vacation. Relax and enjoy the refined luxury of Seattle's premier residential community! The Premiere on Pine building is located at the intersection of Pine Street and 9th Avenue. Nestled in between Seattle's exciting Downtown and Capitol Hill Districts, the Premiere on Pine is the perfect central location to experience everything Seattle has to offer! Premiere on Pines -2 bedrooms with queen beds and a pull out sofa -2 full bathrooms -Sleeps 5 -924 square feet -Free Parking Space for 1 vehicle: 7'6" clearing! Nearby Attractions -SeattleOne block from Pike Place Market, the best of Seattle's downtown is at your fingertips in the beautiful Harbor Steps apartments. This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, is Family Friendly and Handicap Accessible, and Sleeps 6. Free parking, 1 car. UNIT HAS BEEN RENOVATED! FIXTURES ARE UPGRADED. NEW PICTURES COMING SOON! 2 BLOCKS TO PIKE PLACE MARKET AND 1/2 BLOCK TO WATER AND PIERS!!! Live like a local during your stay at the amazing Harbor Steps property located in the heart of downtown Seattle! You'll be a couple blocks away from the famous Pike Place Market and right in the middle of all the action. Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities! The Harbor Steps property is located on First avenue, between Seneca and University in the Belltown neighborhood, two blocks from Seattle Waterfront. The property is an easy trip from SEA-TAC airport by car and rail. Harbor Steps: -2 bedrooms with a king bed and a queenOne block from Pike Place Market, the best of Seattle's downtown is at your fingertips in the beautiful Harbor Steps apartments. This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, is Family Friendly and Handicap Accessible, and Sleeps 6. Free parking, 1 car. UNIT HAS BEEN RENOVATED! FIXTURES ARE UPGRADED. NEW PICTURES COMING SOON! 2 BLOCKS TO PIKE PLACE MARKET AND 1/2 BLOCK TO WATER AND PIERS!!! Live like a local during your stay at the amazing Harbor Steps property located in the heart of downtown Seattle! You'll be a couple blocks away from the famous Pike Place Market and right in the middle of all the action. Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities! The Harbor Steps property is located on First avenue, between Seneca and University in the Belltown neighborhood, two blocks from Seattle Waterfront. The property is an easy trip from SEA-TAC airport by car and rail. Harbor Steps: -2 bedrooms with a king bed and a queenOne block from Pike Place Market, the best of Seattle's downtown is at your fingertips in the beautiful Harbor Steps apartments. This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, is Family Friendly and Handicap Accessible, and Sleeps 6. Free parking, 1 car. UNIT HAS BEEN RENOVATED! FIXTURES ARE UPGRADED. NEW PICTURES COMING SOON! 2 BLOCKS TO PIKE PLACE MARKET AND 1/2 BLOCK TO WATER AND PIERS!!! Live like a local during your stay at the amazing Harbor Steps property located in the heart of downtown Seattle! You'll be a couple blocks away from the famous Pike Place Market and right in the middle of all the action. Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities! The Harbor Steps property is located on First avenue, between Seneca and University in the Belltown neighborhood, two blocks from Seattle Waterfront. The property is an easy trip from SEA-TAC airport by car and rail. Harbor Steps: -2 bedrooms with a king bed and a queenOne block from Pike Place Market, the best of Seattle's downtown is at your fingertips in the beautiful Harbor Steps apartments. This unit features 1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, is Family Friendly and Handicap Accessible, and Sleeps 4. 2 BLOCKS TO PIKE PLACE MARKET AND 1/2 BLOCK TO WATER AND PIERS!!! Live like a local during your stay at the amazing Harbor Steps property located in the heart of downtown Seattle! You'll be a couple blocks away from the famous Pike Place Market and right in the middle of all the action. Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities! The Harbor Steps property is located on First avenue, between Seneca and University in the Belltown neighborhood, two blocks from Seattle Waterfront. The property is an easy trip from SEA-TAC airport by car and rail. Harbor Steps: -1 bedroom with a king bed and a queen size pull-out sofa -1 full bathroom with shower and tub -Sleeps 4  -750 square feet  Nearby AttOne block from Pike Place Market, the best of Seattle's downtown is at your fingertips in the beautiful Harbor Steps apartments. This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, is Family Friendly and Handicap Accessible, and Sleeps 6. UNIT HAS BEEN RENOVATED! UPDATED PICS COMING SOON! 2 BLOCKS TO PIKE PLACE MARKET AND 1/2 BLOCK TO WATER AND PIERS!!! Live like a local during your stay at the amazing Harbor Steps property located in the heart of downtown Seattle! You'll be a couple blocks away from the famous Pike Place Market and right in the middle of all the action. Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities! The Harbor Steps property is located on First avenue, between Seneca and University in the Belltown neighborhood, two blocks from Seattle Waterfront. The property is an easy trip from SEA-TAC airport by car and rail. Harbor Steps: -2 bedrooms with a king bed and a queen bed, and either a pull-out sofa or 2 rollawstudio (2 ppl) through 2 bedroom units (6 ppl) available. Price in ad is for a studio unit and the price will go up as the unit gets larger. Please do not book directly unless you are booking a studio unit Please send message for availability. Price is for a studio and does not include fees and cleaning so do not book directly. I have studio through 3 br units *** When booking a Friday or Saturday night stay, there is a three-night minimum. No minimum for weekdays. *** *Important: Contact me to tell me your preferred dates. As this is a timeshare used by many people, I need to check availability for you before you can book. Thanks! There is a Queen bed and a queen murphy bed in the living area. There is a 3/4 bathroom. Units have a hotel-like kitchen which consists of microwave, mini-fridge, and coffee maker. Unit overlooks the courtyard. There are no laundry facilities or community trash bins in the courtyard building, please use main hotel's facilities. Stairs to all courtyard units. Maximum occupancy 4. This property has a range of other unit sizes available -- and they're all listed on Air BnB. Some of the photos above may be of the different-sized units. All units are done in the same style at the same time. Your unit will have the amenities as listed. This resort fills quickly through-out the year. Plan ahead. Parking options at this rEnjoy luxury high rise living with amazing city and water views, just 2 blocks from iconic Pike's Place Market. You will have your own private bedroom and bathroom. The apartment is large and stylish. This is a very spacious and bright apartment with central air and modern finishes. The living room You will have access to your private bedroom and your private bathroom as well as the rest of the house excluding my bedroom and bathroom. You will also have access to the the balcony. The building has two gyms, two hot tubs, two swimming pools and a dry sauna. This is a very lively and vibrant neighborhood. We are steps from the waterfront and Pike Place Market. Shopping, dining and entertainment options are robust. My preferred method of getting around the neighborhood is to walk. We are also located at the intersection of several major public transportation routes including bus and rail. Renting a bicycle is another great way to get around town. Lyft and Uber are also great services if yostudio (2 ppl) through 2 bedroom units (6 ppl) units available. Do no book directly as price in ad is for studio unit without fees and larger units will cost more studio through 2 bedroom units available.  The price listed is for a studio unit and the price will go up as the unit gets larger in size.  The price does not include taxes, fees, and cleaning. PLEASE DO NOT BOOK UNTIL WE HAVE CONFIRMED THE RATE AFTER TAXES AND FEES ARE ASSESSED AND ONCE A RATE IS CONFIRMED FOR UNITS LARGER THAN A STUDIOREAD!*females only*I DO NOT HAVE WIFI* A great option for travelers on a BUDGET! A clean, cozy and quiet little spot, conveniently located downtown near many tourist attractions. The beds are in the living room but there is a curtain for privacy. My apartment is VERY SMALL and I would NOT feel comfortable sharing it with men I don't know. Women and children ONLY, please.  This apartment is located in a historic building. It was built in 1891 as a hotel for miners. The building is very OLD, interesting and unique. The  apartment is located on the fourth floor and there is NO ELEVATOR.  Also, the BATHROOM is in the HALL like an old-fashioned guest house. Three other tenants on my floor use it also. I CLEAN it frequently. You are welcome to use the kitchen. There is no smoking in the apartment but if you do smoke there is a place down the hall by the fire escape. I enjoy having guests. I travel often myself and it is so nice to have a clean and comfortable place to rest. I provide this foOne block from Pike Place Market, the best of Seattle's downtown is at your fingertips in the beautiful Harbor Steps apartments. This unit features 1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, is Family Friendly and Handicap Accessible, and Sleeps 4. Free parking, 1 car. UNIT HAS BEEN RENOVATED! FIXTURES ARE UPGRADED. NEW PICTURES COMING SOON! 2 BLOCKS TO PIKE PLACE MARKET AND 1/2 BLOCK TO WATER AND PIERS!!! Live like a local during your stay at the amazing Harbor Steps property located in the heart of downtown Seattle! You'll be a couple blocks away from the famous Pike Place Market and right in the middle of all the action. Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities! The Harbor Steps property is located on First avenue, between Seneca and University in the Belltown neighborhood, two blocks from Seattle Waterfront. The property is an easy trip from SEA-TAC airport by car and rail. Harbor Steps: -1 bedrooms with a queen bed and a pullBeautiful, modern, high rise unit w/ full water views, including the ferry terminal and the Great Seattle Wheel. Enjoy a chefs kitchen, outdoor patio, and roomy living spaces throughout. 2 blocks to Pike Place Market. wifi included. This apartment features gorgeous downtown views from the 14th floor of the Harbor Steps high-rise. Open floor plan offers views from every room including while you cook, dine or chill.  The oversized bathroom includes a washer and dryer + bathtub/shower. The bedroom has a big screen plasma tv w/ Netflixs, Hulu  and HBO access. Or leave cash if you rent movies on Apple TV. Wifi is included. Guest will receive the key from the owners and get a full walk-through of the unit. Access to the building's amenities are included- amenities include a roof top terrace, indoor pool, two hot tubs, two fitness facilities, multiple courtyards and public lounges. We are always available via a call or text for assistance, concerns or for local knowledge like restaurant recomThis open-plan one bedroom in a historic building is perfectly situated for a comfortable and convenient visit to Seattle. Ideally located between the Financial District and the Downtown Shopping District, you'll find yourself in a great spot no matter the purpose of your visit. The apartment is a three block walk from the nearest Light Rail Station, making for simple transportation to and from Sea-Tac Airport. All the major Downtown attractions - Pike Place Market, Seattle Art Museum, Benaroya Hall, Pioneer Square, 5th Avenue Theater and many more - are within an easy 10 minute stroll, as are numerous pubs, bars and restaurants. The apartment features high ceilings, classic moldings, bay windows and hardwood floors. Wireless internet, digital cable and a landline phone are all available for use during your stay. The building is secure with a controlled entry. The apartment is furnished to be comfortable and appealing, yours to make the most of during your sojourn to Seattle. Amazing 2 Bedroom apartment located in the heart of downtown with a magnificent view of Seattle. With a near 100% Walk-Score, this 2BD apartment is on Pike's Place Market, just a few blocks away from the first Starbucks in the world and has a clear western facing water sunset view! Our cool and comfortable apartment is on pike's place market, right next to the gum-wall, and just seconds away from all the downtown shopping, post alley, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the convention center.  - Scenic Views of Puget Sound and the ferris wheel - on Pike's Place Market - High Speed Internet - Flat Screen TV - Kitchen - Bedroom - Dining Table This is a great neighborhood. Key attractions and fun things to check out here include:  - Pike's Place Market (a favorite is Pike's Place Fish, where they'll lob huge fish over the counter to spectators) - The First Starbucks - The Seattle Great Wheel - Post Alley (Unique enclave of restaurants, shops and of courOne block from Pike Place Market, the best of Seattle's downtown is at your fingertips in the beautiful Harbor Steps apartments. This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, is Family Friendly and Handicap Accessible, and Sleeps 6. UNIT HAS BEEN RENOVATED! UPDATED PICS COMING SOON! 2 BLOCKS TO PIKE PLACE MARKET AND 1/2 BLOCK TO WATER AND PIERS!!! Live like a local during your stay at the amazing Harbor Steps property located in the heart of downtown Seattle! You'll be a couple blocks away from the famous Pike Place Market and right in the middle of all the action. Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities! The Harbor Steps property is located on First avenue, between Seneca and University in the Belltown neighborhood, two blocks from Seattle Waterfront. The property is an easy trip from SEA-TAC airport by car and rail. Harbor Steps: -2 bedrooms with a king bed and a queen bed, and either a pull-out sofa or 2 rollawThis is a brand new apartment in a luxury high rise building only steps to the Convention Center and retail core with a 100 walk score. All of the appliances and finishes are cutting edge. City and water views are breathtaking.  Explore Capitol Hill, the Pike Place Market and Belltown. Walk or take a bus to the stadiums and Pioneer Square. The building offers modern luxury including a 40th floor deck, private meeting rooms and a media room. You can even take free yoga  3 times a week This unit allows you to live literally in the height of luxury. You will be very secure in a building that has 24 hour doorman and concierge services. Reserve a conference room on the 40th floor for your presentations at no fee. You may use all of the building amenities including the roof top deck, the community room with kitchen, the conference room and the work out room. You may even attend a free yoga class Mon. Wed and Fri . I am available by phone at all times. You will have access to the doorman and Light filled, cozy, vintage corner apartment, convenient to everything in the U District and on all major bus lines. Decorated in bright, sophisticated and rustic, midcentury modern style. Friendly neighbors. Safe and secure building. Not your average college student's apartment! Light filled, cozy, vintage corner apartment, convenient to everything in the U District and on all major bus lines. Sharply decorated in bright, yet rustic, midcentury modern style. Be sure to say hello to your friendly neighbors, in this safe and secure building. Entire apartment and laundry room. Limited. I'm a graduate student and I'm in class Monday-Friday 9-1pm & 2-5pm. Great bars and Thai food! Walking distance to UW campus and the Ave. Short drive to U Village. On all major bus lines. This location could make commuting any more convenient!Breathtaking Sound View Meets Ideal Downtown Location at Harbor Steps depending on the rental request, i will be in and out unless you book whole houseThis one bedroom is located on the 4th floor of the historic Fairmount Apartment building surrounded by great restaurants, coffee shops, and not to mention it's literally one block from the Pike Place Market.  1 block from Pike Place Market and a short walk to Seattle's famous Piers. The apartment comes with covered garage parking 2 blocks away at 3rd and Stewart. This is a secure garage with 24 hour access.   There's a patio and terrace on the roof (one floor up) with an amazing view of the Puget Sound.  There's a free washer and dryer on the 5th floor. The guest will have access to the entire apartment, with keys to the front door of the building and the unit. The rooftop and laundry rooms are all accessible to our guests. Either myself or my property manager Elizabeth will check you in and get you settled, we'll leave you the keys and let you have your peace! Of course if there are any problems during your stay, we will be available to come by and help out anytime.   The apartment iStay with us at Seattle's newest, luxury condo in the heart of downtown Seattle. The Premiere building is surrounded by the best restaurants, bars, coffee shops, and surrounding neighborhoods including Pike Place Market, Belltown, Capital Hill, and South Lake Union.Life at the Premiere on Pine is all about high-end amenities and an unbeatable downtown Seattle location! Gourmet restaurants, historic theaters, and world-class shopping are all just steps away during your perfect Seattle vacation. Life at the Premiere on Pine is all about high-end amenities and an unbeatable downtown Seattle location! Gourmet restaurants, historic theaters, and world-class shopping are all just steps away during your perfect Seattle vacation. Relax and enjoy the refined luxury of Seattle's premier residential community! The Premiere on Pine building is located at the intersection of Pine Street and 9th Avenue. Nestled in between Seattle's exciting Downtown and Capitol Hill Districts, the Premiere on Pine is the perfect central location to experience everything Seattle has to offer! Premiere on Pines -2 bedrooms with queen beds and a pull out sofa -2 full bathrooms -Sleeps 5 -924 square feet -Free Parking Space for 1 vehicle: 7'6" clearing! Nearby Attractions -Seattle*** When booking a Friday or Saturday night stay, there is a three-night minimum. No minimum for weekdays. *** *Important: Contact me to tell me your preferred dates. As this is a timeshare used by many people, I need to check availability for you before you can book. Thanks! There is a queen murphy bed in the living area. there is a 3/4 bathroom. Studio units have a hotel-like kitchen which consists of microwave, mini-fridge, and coffee maker. Maximum occupancy 2. This property has a range of other unit sizes available -- and they're all listed on Air BnB. Some of the photos above may be of the different-sized units. All units are done in the same style at the same time. Your unit will have the amenities as listed. This resort fills quickly through-out the year. Plan ahead. Parking options at this resort are valet (around $30 a day) or self-park (around $20 a day which is 1.5 blocks from the resort). Resort Overview Before entering the WorldMark network, The Camlin had a long and distThis unit is across the paramount theater between two prime neighborhoods of the shopping district and Capitol Hill. A bus tunnel station across the street will take you anywhere in the Seattle area and a brand new Tom Douglas restaurant downstairs of this building will fulfill your happy hour needs. A common room in the building is perfect for a hangout event, a rooftop grill area allows you to enjoy the view of Downtown Seattle as you dine, and feel free to bring your furry little friend with you as this is a dog friendly building! Common room & rooftop area in addition to the unit I would love to greet and meet you as you come in and answer any questions or requests you may have!!! Other than that I'll leave you to the unit to relax and enjoy your stay. This unit is located between several hangout scenes in every direction so you definitely have options for both daytime and nighttime activities if you're planning to explore the city by foot! My favorite neighborhoods nearby are CapiThis modern apartment has amazing downtown views from TWO balconies.  It also includes free secured parking!  Located at 8th and Pine you will be less than a block from both the Convention Center and the Paramount Theatre.  It has a walking score of 98/100! Along with all the modern appliances there is a 50 inch mounted smart TV with xfinity cable, Netflix, Amazon Video, and a build in DVR.  The apartment also has high speed Internet.  It's been averaging around 140 Mbps!  The bedroom has a memory foam queen size bed with a Bluetooth capable alarm clock.  The building offers a 24 hour modern fitness center and a sleek hangout room with games, a large kitchen, and flat screen TV's.  Don't be shy about contacting me with questions or concerns.  I'd love to hear from you! The whole apartment is yours. There is  also a 24 Hour Fitness Center that has both cardio machines, free weights, kettle bells, and a nice universal weight machine. I am always available for any questions or concerns beA modern 1b1b apartment, in the heart of Seattle's downtown, shop and entertainment district, a few steps from the Pike Place Market and the waterfront. Enjoy the incredible water and city views and the 5-star luxury amenities! A modern, clean and maintained 1b1b, in the heart of Seattle's downtown, shop and entertainment district, only a few steps from the Pike Place Market and the waterfront. This spacious apartment is light and bright and large enough to accommodate four people. Enjoy the incredible water and city views and the 5-star luxury amenities and finishes. Have a comfortable place nearby to call home base! Room, rooftop terrace, dish washer, in-unit laundry 24 Hour Fitness Center BBQ Fast WiFi Business Center with Printer Rooftop Deck 50-inch TV I am always one text away. I am available via email/text/phone to answer questions and provide tips and suggestions. This is the heart of Seattle, the cross-section of many of Seattle's great dining and entertaining destinations. OnIn the heart of the action with views of downtown and Puget Sound. Pike Place Market location in downtown Seattle steps to the waterfront. Complex features 24-hour concierge, common hot tub, swimming pool, and exercise facilities. It doesn't get any better than this. Experience Seattle the way it was meant to be experienced. Get the luxury and amenities you'd get at a hotel with all the convenience, privacy, and space of a vacation rental. All units are 1,000+ square feet. Non-smoking apartments feature two bedrooms, one with a queen-size bed and the other with two twins that can be made into a king. This unit features a high end sleeper sofa bed with no bars to wreck a good night's sleep in living room sleeps additional guests. Two bathrooms make it quite comfortable for your travelling group. Views of Puget Sound. Fully equipped kitchen and all linens are included. Cable TV, high speed Internet, and washer and dryer in unit. Parking is available in the building. Multiple units are avYou're going to love it here! Sleek studio in modern building.  Quick walk to the convention center and an easy walk to Downtown/Capitol Hill nightlife You're going to love it here! Sleek studio in modern building.  Quick walk to the convention center and an easy walk to Downtown/Capitol Hill nightlife Apartment has a full kitchen, bathroom, washer, dryer, and LED TV with AppleTV. The unit can comfortably sleep 3 people. I have a full bed (slightly smaller than a queen) and a black leather couch that could sleep the 3rd.  Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate pets in this unit. You'll receive keys and the fob to access the front door and gym when you arrive! Just shoot me a text on the day of, and I will either meet you, or I'll have someone check you in, give you keys, etc. I picked this location because, honestly, it's the best. I've lived in other areas of Seattle, and this location has the best combination of both easy access to downtown and closeness to top restaurants, bars, coffeIn the heart of the action with views of downtown and Puget Sound.  Pike Place Market location in downtown Seattle steps to the waterfront. Complex features 24-hour concierge, common hot tub, swimming pool, and exercise facilities. 2 Bedroom/2 Bathroom. It doesn't get any better than this. Experience Seattle the way it was meant to be experienced.  Get the comfort and amenities you'd get at a hotel with all the convenience, privacy, and space of a vacation rental. All units are 1,000+ square feet. Non-smoking apartment features two bedrooms, one with a queen-size bed and the other with two twins that can be made into a king. Pull-out sofa bed in living room sleeps additional guests. Two bathrooms make it quite comfortable for your travelling group. Views of downtown and Puget Sound. Fully equipped kitchen and all linens are included. Cable TV, high speed Internet, and washer and dryer in unit. Parking is available in the building. Multiple units are available for your large travelling BRAND NEW | ACCOMMODATES 4 | PRIME LOCAL Place yourself in the center of it all! UNPARALLELED city and water views In the heart of Seattle, steps to Convention Center, financial district and  Pike/Pine Corridor! With all of the luxurious amenities Sitting high above the bustling city, from the 24th floor you can almost see it all-From the Puget Sound to the skyscrapers, you are amidst it all! Thoughtfully designed with contemporary interior finishes, LED lighting, roller shades and everything in between provided! Bedroom details a queen sized, plush bed with HOTEL collection linens. Further sleeping accommodations include a full sized velvet sleeper sofa or aero-bed electric inflatable twin, both included for your convenience. Designer kitchens with Bosch and Samsung appliances, dimming under-counter lighting and Grohe fixtures. Electric wine bottle opener to mixing bowl sets and everything in between included! Bathroom features only the best in designer touches-tile floors and tub/shoPrivate, cozy, luxury condo at an excellent location. Right next to the Convention center, blocks away from Seattle's hottest bars & restaurants, and minutes away from Pike Place Market. Perfect for work & play. // HIGHLIGHTS // - 3min walk to Convention Center, 10min walk to Pike Place Market & Light Rail station, 5min walk to Capitol Hill - Secure parking spot (available upon request) - Memory Foam queen-sized bed, down feather pillows & comforter - In-unit washer & dryer - High speed internet - 42" flat screen TV with cable, Blu-Ray & HBO - Fully-equipped kitchen - Brand new furnishings - Aerobed to sleep an additional 2 (available upon request) // ADDITIONAL AMENITIES // - Coffee maker - Electric kettle - Toaster - Spices - Basic cooking utensils, pots, and pans - Hair dryer - Iron & board - Laundry detergent - Linens and towels - Shampoo & conditioner, body wash - Paper Towels // AVAILABLE // - 2 children's sleeping bags - Pack & Play - high chair - Rooftop deck - Recreation room Perfectly located on the border of downtown, the Post building is near Pioneer Square and Century Link Stadium. Also conveniently close by is Grand Central Bakery, a great stop for delicious, fresh baked goods. WOnderful City and Ocean Views at any time of the day makes this place simply perfect. You can enjoy the break of dawn, sunrise from  your window or the rooftop, see the many shades of the sun on the ocean just in front of you! Make your dream come true:) Gym, library, yoga center, rooftop, pool, full kitchen, and other amenities... always and any time. The very central part of Seattle, full of entertainment, shopping centers, accessible to everything and everywhere.  You can stay without a car as you have access to all the transportation around which will take you to any part of Seattle! Enjoy!A modern, clean and maintained 1 bedroom plus den apartment, in the heart of Seattle's downtown, shop and entertainment district, only a few steps from the Pike Place Market and the waterfront. Spacious enough to host 4. A perfect place to call home! This brand new apartment in luxury high-rise building provides the best views of downtown Seattle while putting you in the center of the action. The apartment has a fantastic rooftop view of Pike Place Market, downtown Seattle, the Space Needle, and the Puget Sound. Just a few blocks from Belltown nightlife, Link Light Rail, and downtown shopping, this quiet and well-maintained apartment is a fantastic retreat out of the streets. A short 2 minute walk down Pine Street will direct you to the famous Pike Place Market. A quick one minute walk to Seattle's financial district and the convention center. After a day at work or exploring the sights, enjoy the numerous restaurants and bars/lounges nearby in Pacific Place, Westlake Center. This aparWith a 98% Walk-Score, and 100% transit score, this 1BD apartment is right next to the Convention Center. It's also close to many fantastic restaurants, Nordstrom e.t.c. Dozens of top rated seattle restaurants, and right next to Pike's Place Market, the first Starbucks, the Ferris Wheel and many more places you need to see! - Scenic 180 degree views of the Puget Sound and the space needle  - Very close to Pike's Place Market - High Speed Internet - Flat Screen TV - Kitchen - Bedroom - Dining Table Can't get a reservation for your desired dates? Price isn't right? Want to see more options? Check out our other listings in the area: Downtown 2Bed Western Sunset Views - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/4569115 Great Location. 98 Walkscore - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5183938 Great Location. 98 Walkscore 2 - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5874421 Pike's Place 1Bed Sunset View - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/3891695 Pike's Place. 100 Walkscore - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/3380159 Pike's Place 9Fully furnished corner suite with breathtaking views of thriving Seattle!  Complete with housewares, utilities, cable and WiFi, in suite washer and dryer and full kitchen.*** When booking a Friday or Saturday night stay, there is a three-night minimum. No minimum for weekdays. *** *Important: Contact me to tell me your preferred dates. As this is a timeshare used by many people, I need to check availability for you before you can book. Thanks! There is a queen bed in the master bedroom and a queen murphy bed in the living area. There is a hotel-like kitchens that consist of a microwave, mini-fridge, and coffee maker. 3/4 Bath. Maximum occupancy 4. This property has a range of other unit sizes available -- and they're all listed on Air BnB. Some of the photos above may be of the different-sized units. All units are done in the same style at the same time. Your unit will have the amenities as listed. This resort fills quickly through-out the year. Plan ahead. Parking options at this resort are valet (around $30 a day) or self-park (around $20 a day which is 1.5 blocks from the resort). Resort Overview Before entering the WorldMark network, The Camlin had It doesn't get any better than this: across the street from Pike Place Market and close proximity to nearly all of Seattle's finest hot spots.  This stylish, newly remodeled unit is on the 21st floor of one of Seattle's all-around best buildings. Just under 700 square feet; very efficiently laid-out with ample space. Guests are granted access to all amenities within the Newmark Tower, including a 24-hour concierge to assist with any building details and/or travel plans that may be needed. I keep my cell phone handy at all times and can easily be reached via phone or email. "Seattle's premier, high-end residential tower in the heart of the city's urban core."   For more details on the building itself, go to (URL HIDDEN) Walkability score is nearly 100 with access to public transportation (bus, taxi cabs) immediately outside of building.  The light rail is also within a few blocks.Very private, and quiet apartment with an incredible view of South Lake Union, and a 10 min walk to Pike Market, Downtown, Space Needle. Couldn't be in a better location. The apartment is fully furnished with a queen bed and a brand new queen airbed. You can watch the July 4th fireworks in your pajamas sipping on coffee on the couch. You will have access to the gym and a fire pit on the 11th floor of the building overlooking the space needle. My wife and I work really close to the apartment, so we will try to greet you when you check in. We will also be available for any questions. Please reach out to us directly, the concierge at the building is ONLY for the permanent residents of the building. The neighborhood is amazing! Walking distance to Belltown, Downtown, Pike Market, Space Needle, Capitol Hill yet you can sleep peacefully at night because it's not in the heart of any of these touristy areas. There is easy access to all the public transportation. There are busses that run frequThis beautiful unit at the Seaboard Building offers the scale, detail & charm of a classic urban apartment with the luxury of living right in the middle of Seattle's retail, financial & commercial core. It's also 3 blocks to Pike Place Market. At the intersection of Pike/4th - in the heart of downtown - walk everywhere and feel right at home. Full access to condo and rooftop deck. Full 1 bed/1 bath with queen pull out sofa. Will not be present - full private condo Full access to condo and rooftop deck Will not be present - full private condo No place better - middle of downtown Bus station across the street - but who needs it? Walk everywhere! Enjoy one of the best buildings and best locations in Seattle Full access to condo and rooftop deck Will not be present - full private condo No place better - middle of downtown Bus station across the street - but who needs it? Walk everywhere! Enjoy one of the best buildings and best locations in Seattle Full access to condo and rooftop deck WilCentrally located in Downtown Seattle, this home provides amazing proximity for exploration of Seattle's waterfront & most unique sites. After an exciting day, enjoy this apartment with full kitchen & amenities for a relaxing Seattle stay.My apt is located in heart of DT Seattle with Shopping,restaurants, bars, Convention Center,space needle,Pikes Place Market, Century Link Field, Showbox and Paramount theatre all located all in a foots step away! 576 square foot apt it's nice and cozy and having 5 large windows and being a corner unit that allow great natural light exposure. It will comfortably fit 2 guests but a 3rd could be added in the mix of which the bed would be a futon I will allow access to all the basics like kitchen appliances and bathroom necessities, television, steamer, etc. As much as the guests wants me to and if time permits! You can always contact me day or night if you have any questions or concerns. I will leave my number with you. It's exciting and always tons of things to do just right outside my apt whether it be walking to the waterfront or up to Capitol Hill or going over to Seattle Center which is where the Space Needle is located at. Living at my location is easy to get to any of the great nei*** When booking a Friday or Saturday night stay, there is a three-night minimum. No minimum for weekdays. *** *Important: Contact me to tell me your preferred dates. As this is a timeshare used by many people, I need to check availability for you before you can book. Thanks! There is a queen murphy bed in the living area. there is a 3/4 bathroom. Studio units have a hotel-like kitchen which consists of microwave, mini-fridge, and coffee maker. Maximum occupancy 2. This property has a range of other unit sizes available -- and they're all listed on Air BnB. Some of the photos above may be of the different-sized units. All units are done in the same style at the same time. Your unit will have the amenities as listed. This resort fills quickly through-out the year. Plan ahead. Parking options at this resort are valet (around $30 a day) or self-park (around $20 a day which is 1.5 blocks from the resort). Resort Overview Before entering the WorldMark network, The Camlin had a long and distLocated in the heart of historic Pioneer Square, where local coffee shops and award-winning restaurants literally sit below you. Walking distance from Pike Place Market and downtown. Short cab ride to The Space Needle. 5 minute walk to waterfront and ferry terminal to Bainbridge and Vashon island. When I am available I will meet you and provide you local recommendations and city tips. I enjoy traveling as well, so making friends from new places is always fun. I love my city and love to show it off-- so ask me questions! I love the old brick buildings and romance of Pioneer Square. This is sort of where Seattle all began and it's so unique to any of the other Seattle neighborhoods. It used to be a more shady neighborhood but has recently become a rather shi-shi area, with several modern restaurants and apartments/condos. The vibe is adult, artistic, hip and friendly. There is a range of bars and restaurants from divey, to fancy fireplace and cocktails-- most of which boast exposed brickOne block from Pike Place Market, the best of Seattle's downtown is at your fingertips in the beautiful Harbor Steps apartments. This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, is Family Friendly and Handicap Accessible, and Sleeps 6. Free parking, 1 car. UNIT HAS BEEN RENOVATED! FIXTURES ARE UPGRADED. NEW PICTURES COMING SOON! 2 BLOCKS TO PIKE PLACE MARKET AND 1/2 BLOCK TO WATER AND PIERS!!! Live like a local during your stay at the amazing Harbor Steps property located in the heart of downtown Seattle! You'll be a couple blocks away from the famous Pike Place Market and right in the middle of all the action. Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities! The Harbor Steps property is located on First avenue, between Seneca and University in the Belltown neighborhood, two blocks from Seattle Waterfront. The property is an easy trip from SEA-TAC airport by car and rail. Harbor Steps: -2 bedrooms with a king bed and a queenEnjoy Seattle like a local in the heart of downtown!  With a walking score of 98 it is centrally located and just blocks away from Pike Place Market, the Space Needle, Stadium District and Puget Sound views!  You won't be short on options with many fine dining and fun restaurants, theaters, music venues and outdoor areas to explore. With amenities included like secure parking, a rooftop deck and cleaning service for a minimal fee - you won't find a better package! See description, amenities and photos. You'll enjoy this full service space! As a guest my home is your home during your stay! You'll have access to all spaces as listed in the property description. As a host I am here to assist throughout your stay! You'll have access to my direct mobile number as well as email to ensure that if anything is needed, it will be taken care of. House manual and travel guides provided upon check-in. House manual and travel guides provided upon check-in. House manual and travel guides provided upoAre you looking to enjoy Seattle like your a local? Smell the coffee in the morning, hear the city come awake around you?  Shop at the Pike Place Market for lunch and have a choice of many world class restaurants for dinner? Do you want to live steps from the Pike Place Market, dozens of world-class restaurants, the Seattle waterfront and Great Wheel, the Art Museum, Benaroya Hall, Washington State Convention Center and boutique Seattle shopping? It is impossible to run out of things to do at this stylish, pristine condominium. Whether you are touring the city for pleasure, in town for business, or visiting family, this beautiful condo located in the Newmark Tower is the ideal place to call home for a week or more. This spacious two bedroom corner condo is light and bright and large enough to accommodate up to six people.  You will find a king sized bed in the master suite, a queen bed in the second bedroom and a luxury style Natuzzi sofa sleeper in the living room. Modern updates and Amazing 2 Bedroom 2 bath located in the heart of downtown with a magnificent view of Seattle in a top notch building.  Just one block away from the convention center and Hyatt. Great for restaurants, shopping e.t.c. Nordstrom is only 2 blocks.Located at the center of all Seattle has to offer, on the seam of First Hill and the Financial Distr., this BRAND NEW building is steps to the Convention Center, Swedish and Harborview medical. 24 hr concierge, Bosche appliances, 24 hr gym & VIEWS! Sitting high above the bustling city, from the 19th floor you can almost see it all! Plush Urban Outfitters sleeper sofa can accommodate up to 2 additional guests (small full sized sleeper). If you are here for work, there is an efficient desk- But I highly recommend heading up to floor 40 and utilizing the conference center! Kimpton Hotel styled interiors, suited for any taste! Thoughtfully designed with contemporary interior finishes, LED lighting, roller shades and California Closets.  Designer kitchens with Bosch and Samsung appliances, dimmable under-counter lighting and Grohe fixtures. Electric wine bottle opener to mixing bowl sets and everything in between included! Bathrooms feature designer tile floors and tub/shower surrounds, dimEnjoy the ultimate Seattle experience and transform yourself from tourist to native when you stay in the heart of Seattle at the Pike Place Market. Overlooking the Pike Place Market Clock and Elliott Bay from every window in this suite, you will find the location perfectly positioned at the epicenter of the city.   This is a 2 Bedroom with a Master Bedroom and a Den / 2nd Bedroom.  If used as a bedroom (with an airbed) the room has pocket doors that completely close the space to the living area for privacy.     With the amenities of a hotel and the comforts of a home you get to experience the city on your terms. The Tower has a fully equipped gym, indoor pool, hot tub and sanua along with a huge common area deck with BBQ's, lounge chairs and tables.  However, in the unit you have your own personal perch on the corner of 1st and Pike and watch thousands of people move through the Market or find yourself gazing out into the harbor as Tankers, Ferries, Sailboats move through the Bay with Resides on the corner of Western Ave and everything, our unit offers a downtown Seattle living experience like no other. From the doorstep, Pike Place, the Waterfront, dining, and adventures awaits! Email us to see if we can work out a deal for you. This is a spacious yet cozy 1BD that will comfortably sleep four. A memory foam queen bed and sectional futons equipped with comfortable bedding are ready for sleep. Our full-sized bathroom contains a large bath tub and shower, towels, blow dryer, and toiletries. Walk to Pike Place and you can find all of the local fish, meat, vegetables, and fruit; our kitchen is fully furnished with utensils for cooking-ready.  Apartment amenities includes: Internet Patio with waterfront view Bedroom with waterfront view Fully equipped kitchen Dining Table Washer/Dryer Heater And more! Asides from your personal home away from home, these are some extra amenities that you are welcome to use in our community: Spacious 24/7 Fitness Room Yoga Classes Pool WhiLooking for a unit with a view? Look no further you have reached the zenith! Unobstructed view of the Puget Sound, Space Needle, Skyline & Olympic Mountains. Located in the ideal location. 5 minute walk to Pikes Place Mkt, 5th Ave shopping & Needle! Fantastic one bedroom unit high above the city. Includes free and secure onsite garage parking for 1 vehicle (nice bonus, when considering Seattle street parking runs $5/hr). A private, spacious, West facing balcony boasting 180 degrees of breathtaking views. Cafe style patio furniture included to enjoy coffee, wine, meals etc. while taking in the beauty of Seattle. Complete view of the Puget Sound, Olympic Mountains, Seattle skyline and Space Needle. Radiant in-floor heating throughout the entire unit. Slab granite and LG stainless steel appliances complete the gourmet kitchen. LG washer/dryer combo in unit. Easily walk to all major Seattle attractions! 2.5 block stroll West to Pikes Place Market and waterfront attractions, 5 minute walk EThe building is right on the border of Capitol Hill and Downtown and very close to the Convention Center. This suite is on the border of downtown and cap hill in Seattle and exactly 2 blocks from the convention center. It's fantastic for folks who want to be right on the cusp of downtown, for conferences, and in cap hill for nightlife and restaurants.  Next to several highly rated yelp restaurants including: Sitka & Spruce, La Bete, Terra Plata, Artusi and others.  If you like speakeasy cocktails, knee high stocking co, which makes some of the best ones in town is around the corner. Other bars within 2-3 blocks are Still Liquor, Montana and Pine Box.  Also a short 3-5 min walk to the convention center, Nordstrom, Sephora, Diesel, Zara, All Saints, the Pacific Place Mall and many other shopping stores.  If you were to walk down on Denny, it would take about 10-12 mins to get to Whole Foods on Denny and Westlake.  High Speed Internet Flat Screen TV Kitchen Bedroom Dinning Table - SeparatA Historic, one-bedroom, top-floor, corner apartment with hardwood; centrally located on 6th Ave in Seattle's financial district. Two bay windows with views of First Hill, I-5, and Puget Sound. Near the ferries, stadiums, and restaurants of downtown. This beautifully restored apartment features a functional antique bathtub, high ceilings, and sliding french doors. The apartment receives more ambient lighting than any other units in the building, and features a highly-desirable, open floor plan. It's housed in a historic building amongst the bustle of downtown, and is close to both Madison St. and I-5 (not ideal for those who can't sleep with white noise.) We each work in screen-land all day; thus, for the sake of our minds and personal relationships, we enjoy disconnecting when we get home. For this reason, TELEVISION is not provided. There's exceptional mobile service and WIFI in the unit, should you need to connect with the interwebz, but we encourage you to relax and enjoy disconnecFabulous downtown Seattle location, with 180° water views to Puget Sound from the 15th floor. Private bedroom with queen bed with new mattress, private bathroom with shower and bath. Perfect location for all downtown events, stadium games and Pike Place Market only 2 blocks away. Adjacent to the Seattle Art Museum and 2 blocks to University Station with direct light-rail link to SeaTac Airport. Enjoy all that Seattle has to offer, from your own luxury apartment in the center of the city. Private bedroom and separate bathroom in a full 2 bedroom / 2 bathroom apartment. The building has a fantastic array of facilities from concierge through to pool, gyms, sauna and restaurants. Share the apartment with the owner, an Australian professional working in downtown Seattle. Has own master bedroom and ensuite that are private. Happy to share local knowledge and tips for travellers. Downtown Seattle is a perfect holiday destination. Walk to all tourist facilities, downtown shoping, Convention CeIn the heart of downtown, this condo offers posh amenities and scenic views of Puget Sound! One block away from Pike Place Market, you can experience Seattle's hottest restaurants, bars and cultural attractions. Perfect for work & play. This space offers a full King bed, a queen leather sofa pull out bed, air jet tub in master bath, parking space per request, scenic balcony off the living room, dishwasher, washer/dryer in unit, microwave, fridge, comfy furnishings and is elegantly designed. You will have access to wonderful amenities during your stay including a pool, hot tub, party room, shared terrace with water views, gym, and 24 hour concierge service. This building is also conveniently located above City Target and next to the Historic Pike Place Market. This condominium building is a high security building and requires all renters to sign an additional 4 part agreement which we will send to you prior to check in. Upon check-in, guest will receive one set of keys, a parking pass, The tallest residential building in Seattle, a 2 br brand new suite, all new furniture and appliances, 24 hour concierge, doorman, gym, theater, huge upper balcony with amazing view of Seattle. The Premiere on Pine building is located at the intersection of Pine Street and 9th Avenue. Nestled in between Seattle's exciting Downtown and Capitol Hill Districts, the Premiere on Pine is the perfect central location to experience everything Seattle has to offer! Premiere on Pines -2 bedrooms with queen beds and a pull out sofa -2 full bathrooms -Sleeps 5 -900 square feet Nearby Attractions -Seattle Art Museum: .7 miles -Seattle Aquarium: 1.2 miles -Pacific Science Center: 1.3 miles -Experience Music Project: 1.1 miles -Light Rail: .2 miles -U of WA 3.7 miles -Seattle U: .9 miles -Pike Place: .6 miles -Space Needle: 1.1 miles Unit Amenities -Fully equipped kitchen -Free wifi and cable television -Washer and dryer in the unit -Iron board and clothes iron -Hair dryer -Coffee maker -Air conditioOne block from Pike Place Market, the best of Seattle's downtown is at your fingertips in the beautiful Harbor Steps apartments. This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, is Family Friendly and Handicap Accessible, and Sleeps 6. UNIT HAS BEEN RENOVATED! UPDATED PICS COMING SOON! 2 BLOCKS TO PIKE PLACE MARKET AND 1/2 BLOCK TO WATER AND PIERS!!! Live like a local during your stay at the amazing Harbor Steps property located in the heart of downtown Seattle! You'll be a couple blocks away from the famous Pike Place Market and right in the middle of all the action. Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities! The Harbor Steps property is located on First avenue, between Seneca and University in the Belltown neighborhood, two blocks from Seattle Waterfront. The property is an easy trip from SEA-TAC airport by car and rail. Harbor Steps: -2 bedrooms with a king bed and a queen bed, and either a pull-out sofa or 2 rollawEnjoy our beautiful 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment located steps from the Pike Place Market. A perfect location with a deck! Laundry, A/C, sweeping views of the city and the sound. Flat screen television with Fire TV in both bedrooms. This is a large two bedroom, two bathroom luxury apartment on the top floor or a highrise downtown apartment building. We are located just one block from Seattle's famous Pike's Place Market. The master bedroom does have personal items in the closet. The second bedroom has no personal items. You will have the entire apartment which includes two bedrooms, two bathrooms, the kitchen, the deck, etc. You can also use the pool, the hot tub and the gym which are amenities of the building. I will be there to check you in and make sure that you are comfortable. Steps from the waterfront.  2 blocks from the Pike's Place Market.  10 blocks from the Washington State Convention Center.  10 minute walk from the Paramount or the 5th Avenue.  Located in the downtown shOur beautiful home is positioned two blocks from the Pike Place Market. We have breathtaking view of the Puget Sound and Olympic Mountain Range from our living room and balcony. We'd love to make our home your home when you visit Seattle! Our guests are welcome to use all of the featured amenities in the building. The only restrictions are the mingle room and the context room when reserved. Please My wife and I are usually abroad for work purposes so we will be sometimes delayed in our response. We have family that live a few floors above our place in the building so they will be your primary point of contact for urgent requests. Our place is one block from the light rail and bus station at 2nd and University. The light rail goes directly to and from the airport. An average fare is around $4 each way.  We do not have a designated parking spot for our apartment. There is a parking garage in our building but they charge a daily/nightly rate. It is around $10-30 per day depending on time This small studio is a perfect Seattle hotel alternative for a couple. The low-key historic building is very centrally located - just blocks from light-rail and bus stops. An oasis - with a basic kitchen! - in the middle of the city's action.  Please read this whole description for important details!  Our downtown apartment is small (about 200 sq ft) and outfitted to be the perfect alternative to a hotel, with a super comfy, queen-sized bed and accompanying reading chair.  There is a small kitchen that's perfect for breakfast and lunch, though the temptations of Pike Place Market (about 9 blocks, or less than 15 minutes walking) and Seattle's best cafes and restaurants are inescapable. The apartment also features a small table and two stools for eating or working, a coffee maker, microwave, teapot, iron, hair dryer, and of course, all linens, dishes and silverware.  The Vintage Downtown Seattle Studio is very centrally located, and there is no need for a car. In addition to Pike Place Elegant apartment in the heart of Downtown Seattle.  Very close to Pike Pl, Convention Ctr, Shopping District.  Wifi, washer/dryer, gourmet kitchen, granite countertops, 10ft ceiling.  Stay right where the action is!  On Light Rail line to airport. This apartment professionally managed and immaculately clean.  My streamlined check in process is faster than a hotel.  There is no waiting on anyone to get your keys.  The unit half of a block from light rail to the airport.  This apartment features granite countertops, stainless appliances, HDTV with streaming video and wifi, and a memory foam mattress with 400 thread count sheets.   There is an in-unit washer and dryer.  This unit is free of personal clutter which makes thorough cleaning quick and easy for every new guest.  The cleaning staff uses antibacterial agents every turnaround.  The unit is spotless every time. Stay at this luxury unit with all the amenities of home for a fraction of the price of downtown hotels.  You will never gOne block from Pike Place Market, the best of Seattle's downtown is at your fingertips in the beautiful Harbor Steps apartments. This unit features 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, is Family Friendly and Handicap Accessible, and Sleeps 6. Free parking, 1 car. UNIT HAS BEEN RENOVATED! FIXTURES ARE UPGRADED. NEW PICTURES COMING SOON! 2 BLOCKS TO PIKE PLACE MARKET AND 1/2 BLOCK TO WATER AND PIERS!!! Live like a local during your stay at the amazing Harbor Steps property located in the heart of downtown Seattle! You'll be a couple blocks away from the famous Pike Place Market and right in the middle of all the action. Experience everything that Seattle has to offer: fantastic dining, vibrant nightlife, and exciting family activities! The Harbor Steps property is located on First avenue, between Seneca and University in the Belltown neighborhood, two blocks from Seattle Waterfront. The property is an easy trip from SEA-TAC airport by car and rail. Harbor Steps: -2 bedrooms with a king bed and a queenJust a few blocks away from Pike's place market, this sophisticated 1 bed apt has splendid views of the elliot bay, the city and the Ferris Wheel from the living room and bedroom. With a 99 walkscore, it is close to most restaurants and bars It is an extremely comfortable apartment with unbelievable views of the water.  In terms of dining, it is located close to several highly rated yelp restaurants including: Japonessa, Matt's in the Market, Etta's, Serious Pie, Elliot's Oyster house, Met Grill (amazing steak house), Purple Cafe, RN74 and many others.  If you like speakeasy cocktails, bathtub gin, which makes some of the best ones in town is close by. Other bars within 3-5 blocks are kells (popular irish pub in post alley), Foundation Lounge(Techno/House), Amber(Varies), Tia Lou's(Hip-hop), Crocodile (live music), Seesound lounge (Salsa on Sunday nights) and others.  - High Speed Internet with latest Apple Airport router for speeds of 50 MBPS or higher with multiple connections - FlatLovely water and city views, right in the middle of everything. High end kitchen, spacious and super comfy beds. Lots of space 2 super comfy beds; one King and one Queen. Huge tub; balcony with a fantastic view; Hardwood floors. Also great media feature with 2 xbox ones with lots of games. I'll be as helpful as possible! totally available on the phone/email/text and help you with anything you need. Absolutely the most central location you can be on in Seattle. Minutes to walk to pike place; Movie theaters and shopping right next door. Lots of restaurants. 100 Walkability score! If you want to go to capitol hill an uber will take 3 minutes.Stay downtown in the best location you're going to find! Parking included (huge expense downtown and most others charge for it). Adjacent to Pike Place market, the Seattle waterfront, and so much more. • You simply cannot find a better location, right next to Pike Place Market!  • 1 block from the Waterfront boardwalk  • Prime location for downtown shopping and exploring  • Stunning rooftop patio with spectacular views adjacent to the Four Seasons Hotel  • High quality Queen sized bed with plush pillow-top and premium 800 count linens  • High quality Queen sized sleeper sofa with premium 800 count linens  • 40' LCD HDTV  • Samsung Blu-ray DVD Player with Web-Connected Apps such as Netflix and Pandora  • In Unit Washer/Dryer Experience the heart and soul of Seattle in the Pike Place Market neighborhood from our top floor Puget Sound view unit! Just steps from entry to the country's most popular and unique historic public market, the waterfront boardwalk, historic Pioneer Square, WashingThis is a brand new apartment located in Seattle's most talked about high rise building with a walk score of 98. It faces east and has both city and sunrise views The space has one queen bed and one comfortable couch/full futon. It is very luxurious. This unit allows you to live literally in the height of luxury. You will be very secure in a building that has 24 hour doorman and concierge services. Reserve a conference room on the 14th floor for your presentations at no fee. You may use all of the building amenities including the roof top deck, the community room with kitchen, the conference room and the work out room. You may even attend a free yoga class Mon. Wed and Fri . I am available by phone at all times. You will have access to the doorman and the concierge. This is a perfect neighborhood for a business or pleasure trip. The location is central and only steps from the convention center and the Paramount. Westlake station is only blocks away for an easy trip on light rail to andThe heart of Seattle. Minutes from Pike Market, the Piers, restaurants, and blocks from the stadiums. Perfect location just off the the rail. Great location for those who are heading on a cruise (1 minute to the pier), Seahawks game, or weekend visit 850 sq. ft unit with large windows, queen size bed, and balcony. View of the piers right from the living room and bedroom. Guests have access to apartment, gym, and parking garage. Parking is not included but the public ramp is secure and steps off the elevator. We can help the guests enter the space and navigate Seattle if needed. We are local to help!Location!!!! 96 walk score. Beautiful 2 bed and 2 bath unit right at the intersection of downtown, first hill and capitol hill. Across from the convention center.  Walk to Pike Place or the Starbucks Roastery. This eleventh floor condo is a two bed, two bath beautifully furnished unit that sleeps up to 7 people with gorgeous views of Lake Union.  The main bedroom includes a queen sleep number bed for ultimate comfort, in the second bedroom there are two twins, that can be made into a king (please request at least 1 week ahead of time), and a queen sofa sleeper in the living room.  To accommodate the seventh person there is an air mattress.   Traveling with a baby, we have you covered, there is a pack n play available complimentary. Check in is 4 PM day of arrival and check out is 11 AM day of departure.   Air conditioning units are available from May to end of September.   Parking is an additional fee, please see the details below. Please note the condo is next to the highway so there Feel the rhythm of Seattle in your 22nd story, 1-bedroom private suite. Treat yourself to luxury in a convenient location, steps from the convention center, shopping, and Pike's Place Market. We offer you your own home-away-from home! This space is a pristine ultra modern apartment equipped with brand-new stainless steel appliances, washer and dyer, and breathtaking sky high view from the 22 second floor that can be enjoyed from two independent balconies. There will be a luxury bed, large flat screen TV, and all the kitchen amities you could ask for. You can also access our gym 24/7 and outside sessional pool. There is a crib and playpen available for an additional fee. Fitness center, pool (seasonal), common space, lounging area. Parking is $15/day - Please register in advance. This apartment scores 98% on walk score, which means that it is a "walkers paradise." The convention center is literally next door, and all you have to do to get to pikes place market is walk straight down the This apartment is two blocks away from Pike Market and about 3-4 blocks from the convention center. You sleep in the living room, I'll sleep in my bedroom and we both share the entire apt. Click on "+More" below to see the entire listing description. (Please read the F.A.Q.s below before sending inquiries. Also, Hosts have the same concerns with meeting strangers as Guests do so please be sure to create a full profile with verifications before sending a reservation request.Thanks!) ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- This apartment is located directly in the middle of downtown in the Central Shopping District. The place is surrounded by scores of places within walking distance including the Convention Center and Pike Place Market which is just a minute away.   You'll be staying in the living room which has a new futon that can comfortably sleep two people.  If you have more than two people, I have 2 extra queen sized air mattresses that can accoLocated in the center of it all, this mixed-use highrise building offers workout facilities (including yoga studio, 3 spas, 2 pools, 2 saunas, climbing wall and sport court) and is one block away from the famous Pike Place Market. Very secure with views yet has privacy. Unit has patio and furniture. Harbor Steps is minutes from the airport. Spend your time at the pinnacle of modern Seattle highrise luxury living (Visit www . (URL HIDDEN) Secured garage parking (price not included for parking). Amenities include: Wifi, internet, cable, sound system, 24 hour concierge that will arrange dinner/lunch/breakfast reservations, transportation, and any other needs your heart desires!  As one of Seattle's premiere Seattle highrise property, you will be within minutes of ALL the "go to" places including the shopping district, tourist attractions, dining & entertainment galore!! There is a 24 concierge that can help with reservations, taxi service, and many other services for you. This is a highlyLocated just 4 blocks from Pike's Place Market close to the waterfront and essentially on the border of downtown and pioneer square, this is a fantastic location. Includes Central Air Conditioning (most places in Seattle do not) as well! A superb location for guests who want to be downtown, located 4-5 blocks from Pike's Place market in Pioneer Square. Also walkable (8-10 mins) to Century Link or Safeco Field for Seahawks/Mariners/Sounders games!  Includes a gym and perhaps one of the best rooftop deck and lounge combo in Seattle with 360 views of the city.  Our cool and comfortable apartment is around the corner from the Alexis Hotel, with similar views as it's western/water-view units, and right next to the ferry terminal, overlooking the puget sound, just a few blocks (4-5) from pike's place market where you'll find the gum-wall, first starbucks and other attractions. Highlights  include:  - Scenic views of Puget Sound and the bainbridge island ferry  - Walking distance (8-10 mins) This is a brand new apartment in a luxury high rise building only steps to the Convention Center and retail core . All of the appliances and finishes are cutting edge. City and water views are breathtaking.  Explore Capitol Hill, the Pike Place Market and Belltown. Walk or take a bus to the stadiums and Pioneer Square. The building offers modern luxury including a 40th floor deck, private meeting rooms and a media room. You can even take free yoga  3 times a week This is a 1bedroom view unit located on the 24th floor in Seattle's most talked about new high rise apartment building. All of the finishes are cutting edge. Live in the lap of luxury and have party rooms, a video room, and tip notch gym at your disposal. This unit is just steps from the Seattle convention center and has a walk score of 98. Visit Pike Place Market, Belltown, the retail core and Capitol Hill on foot. Walk or take a short ride to the stadiums, Seattle Center or Pioneer Square. For you techies this is the spot foPike's Place 100 Walkscore Junior Suite. This unit is on Pike's Place Market, and is next to the Four Seasons, just a few blocks away from the top shopping areas and the original (first) starbucks Our cool and comfortable apartment is on pike's place market, right next to the gum-wall, and just seconds away from all the downtown shopping, post alley, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the convention center.  - on Pike's Place Market - High Speed Internet - Flat Screen TV - Kitchen - Bedroom - Dining Table This is a great neighborhood. Key attractions and fun things to check out here include:  - Pike's Place Market (a favorite is Pike's Place Fish, where they'll lob huge fish over the counter to spectators) - The First Starbucks - The Seattle Great Wheel - Post Alley (Unique enclave of restaurants, shops and of course, the Gum Wall) - The Tasting Room (Coop of 7 state wineries) There are more than 60 places to eat within a 4-5 block radius of the marA comfortable Queen Bed apartment for one or two people featuring exposed brick, a kitchenette, and full washer and drier.  PLEASE NOTE: Bookings on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday WILL experience loud music from the night club in the next building.  A comfortable Queen bed apartment for one or two people featuring exposed brick, a kitchenette, and full washer and drier.  PLEASE NOTE: Bookings on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday WILL experience loud music from the night club in the next building.  Enjoy the privacy of your own one bedroom apartment in the heart of Historic Seattle. No Elevator. Rooms only accessible via Staircase. Service will be available at check in. On site assistance is available from 11 am to 10pm. Experience where Seattle was founded. Explore the historic district full of boutique shops, breweries, restaurants and history. Enjoy the sights and sounds of the Waterfront and the Pike Place Market, all within walking distance. Seattle has an amazing transportation syste700 sq foot 1 BR near Pike and Boren - walk to Pike Place Market, Convention Center, Cap Hill nightlife, Frye Art Museum!  Spacious and sunny with living room, bedroom, kitchen, balcony, wifi.  No reserved parking; near light rail and busses. The Homewood Suites up the block charges twice this for a smaller space.  Cook in the kitchen, relax on the balcony, then go explore!  The location is unbeatable! I will be out of town but have friends on call if you have needs. In ten minutes or less you can walk to the Frye Art Museum (and the Seattle Art Museum), the Convention Center, the bars and restaurants on Pike Street; in fifteen to anywhere "downtown" including the Pike Place Market.  Yet it's still a neighborhood with a cozy urban feel and a small city park one block away. You'll be just blocks from both the light rail and the most popular bus routes. This is a dog friendly building.  I don't have pets at present but if you are hyper-sensitive to dander, this is probably not the buildiIn the heart of the city of Downtown! It's walking distance to everything!!! I really mean it. Main transits, shopping, bars, and restaurants, paramount, pikes place, broadway...this is one place you have to check out. Most exclusive stay around. Cleaning service prior to stay and street parking pass included.98 walk score! This sunny, spacious 1-BR/1BA apt is located on a quiet tree-lined street. Walk just 5 minutes to the city center or 5 minutes to the restaurant filled Capitol Hill neighborhood. This 1 bedroom/1 bathroom is located in Capitol Hill/First Hill, Seattle -- centrally located, but away from the noise! It is just 1 block from the famous Starbucks Reserve. Close to everything, this apartment offers modern amenities in an attractive and comfortable setting. You can enjoy a private balcony or two sun decks complete with lounge furniture and BBQs. The primary sun deck is conveniently located right next door to this apartment. There is also a 24/7 fitness center located on the building's 1st floor and a resident lounge with cable TV. The apartment includes:  - Furnished Kitchen/Bathroom - Queen size bed  - High Speed Wireless Internet  - Desk (Work Station)  - TV with Cable and HBO - Washer/Dryer in unit - Convenience! Guests will have access to all rooms in the apartment and seleExplore Seattle's vibrant Capitol Hill neighborhood & Pike/Pine corridor while staying within your budget in our fully-equipped studio. Cook at home or go out on the town! Features Queen bed, claw-foot tub, stocked kitchen, free wifi and direct TV. This studio is perfect for one person or a couple, and meant especially to be rented for longer stays. It's perfect for visiting students or health practitioners - we are only a few blocks from 2 universities and a bunch of different hospitals. It is our smallest unit, the living area is about 10' by 15', plus a kitchen and bathroom with a claw foot tub.  The kitchen has a small gas stove with 4 burners, and a 3/4 size fridge. Brand new counters and drawers. Built in microwave with hood for the stove. We supply everything you need - spatulas, sharp knives, hot pads - so you can buy your groceries and whip up anything you'd make at home! The bathroom is small, not a place where 2 could tango very easily, but there is a gorgeous claw foot tub Located in the heart of downtown Seattle, next to the Convention Center. Relax in this in city retreat featuring park-like views, modern updates, smart layout along w/ a spacious 1 bedroom suite w/ an extra sofa bed and roller beds for up to 6 guests Winter promo (Dec. & Jan.): FREE parking, FREE luggage storage for early check in/out, FREE roller bed (subject to availability) On First Hill, just off Pike Street, adjacent to Washington State Convention Center, ACT Theater, Paramount Theater, Niketown, H&M, Gameworks, shops, restaurants, grocery and more. Pike Place market, Capitol Hill, Virginia Mason and Swedish hospital are just few blocks away. A one bedroom condo with queen size bed + queen size sofa bed. Extra roller beds available upon request (additional fee up to $30/night may apply for booking with 3 or 4 guests, please inquire).  Curtains provide additional privacy for sofa bed and roller beds users. Kitchen is fully equipped, flat screen TV with digital cable in living room.Seattle Suites, LLC manages privately owned furnished condos in the heart of downtown Seattle.  Our comfortable beds, great location, flexible pricing and lengths of stay make us the perfect choice for business and leisure travel.  Live like a Seattleite.  In the heart of downtown Seattle, our location is rated a “walker's paradise" with a 96 out of 100 walkability score.  Next to the Washington State Convention Center, 8 blocks from the Pike Place Market, near all major medical facilities (ie. Virginia Mason, Swedish Hospital, Polyclinic, Harborview Medical Center, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center) and the central business district, our location is ideal whether you are staying in Seattle for business, vacation or medical treatment.  This two bedroom condo is approximately 800 sq. ft.  It will sleep up to six with a king bed in one bedroom, twin beds in the second bedroom and a sleeper sofa in the living room.  The twin beds can be put together to form a king upon request.  The condo hasWith 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, and beautifully restored hardwood floors, you'll live in style and comfort in the midst of the most exciting neighborhood in Seattle: Capitol Hill!  #309 is a two bedroom, two bath apartment.  It's our largest and quite comfortable for two couples-even three couples if you use the sleeper sofa.  There's a nice kitchen and having the two baths is, of course, very convenient.  The apartment has TV's in both bedrooms and in the living room, and wireless internet.  We don't need air conditioning often, but we have it for those few hot summer days. The master bedroom has a king sized bed.  It's a Cal-King, extra long and perfect for tall people.  The second bedroom has a queen bed.  The second bedroom is in the middle of the apartment.  It's window looks out onto a light well.  This gives it natural daylight, but no views.  It does make it especially quiet.  The second bedroom is perfect for a light sleeper.  The sofa in the living room is a Krauss, one of the A simple studio condo right next to and overlooking the Seattle convention center.This is a charming studio with lots of light! Nice and airy space with full size bed, and bonus pull out couch (queen size). Full bathroom and full kitchen. Location: Heart of Capitol Hill, just blocks from all the nightlife but on a quiet street! I love this apartment! It is the perfect quiet retreat after a day of exploring the city. Please note, I have two kittens but they will NOT be present during your stay (same goes for the litter box!). The studio is on the 3rd (top floor) and at the end of the hall, so neighbor noise is pretty nonexistent. Secure building, electronic front door access. I will be out of town for the duration of your stay, but always available by phone. Endless restaurants and great bars are just blocks away, 15 minute walk to downtown. Street parking is available but limited, there are many buses nearby to get you around the city.This condo is located on the thirteenth floor of a 16 story mid-century high-rise condo building perched on the edge of Capitol Hill in downtown Seattle.    You are right next door to the Washington State Convention Center, and walking distance to the downtown Seattle shopping district, Pike Place Market, Seattle's Waterfront and the eclectic Capitol Hill neighborhood.  The Space Needle and Seattle Center are 1.5 miles away; a short bus or cab ride.  You enter into a spacious and beautifully decorated living room, with white leather seating and a large window framing the sparkling lights of downtown Seattle.  The decor has a great modern vibe!  The kitchen is fully equipped to whip up a quick meal.   All linens and towels are included. There is a laundry room available for guests in the building as well as a roof top deck with breathtaking views of Lake Union, downtown Seattle and Capitol Hill. The spacious master bedroom has a queen-size bed and the second bedroom is equipped with twoIf you want to walk downtown, take a ferry, explore Capitol Hill, the international district then this First Hill apartment is the best place to be!  No car needed to get around, take the light rail from the airport or catch a quick uber ride.A fully furnished, adorable 1-bedroom apartment located on First Hill, on the verge of downtown Seattle and just down the hill from Capital Hill -great access to public transportation and walking distance to bars, restaurants, and attractions Really cozy and homey, in a perfect location. My one-bedroom is a spacious apartment with great views of the city. The apartment is fully equipped and furnished and is perfect for conference attendees at the Washington State Convention Center and business travelers, as well as tourists who would like to explore the city. The building has secure access, and the guests will have access to the rooftop deck, swimming pool, and gym. The apartment has closet/storage space that will be cleared for guest use. I love to chat with and help out my guests with anything they need. Looking forward to meeting you! The apartment is located in the heart of Seattle. The place is surrounded by shops, restaurants, bars, and is less than 1-mile away from the WashingtoPrivate walk up entrance! Easy walk to Convention Center! Enjoy elegant, contemporary urban living in one of Seattle's most historic, vibrant neighborhoods. Garage parking available by request only. Our home is located in walking distance to convenient center, down town Seattle, Pike Place Market, Hospitals, Capital hill night life, Nike town, Game works, and so much more. There is a private walk up entrance! Enjoy a stunning rooftop with free Wifi, views, Gas BBQ and fire pit. Coffee shop located right outside front door,  as well as a full hair/nail salon, sushi, metropolitan market, and a dry cleaner. We are just a call away if anything is needed. Our cool and comfortable apartment is next to the convention center, downtown, just minutes away from all the downtown shopping, and an 10 min walk to Pike's place market, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the gum-wall e.t.c.  - Next to the Convention Center - High Speed Internet  -  Large Flat Screen My boyfriend and I have a beautiful, spacious apartment located in the heart of downtown Seattle. We are steps from the Convention Centre, and a close walk to Pike Place Market and some of the city's best restaurants, bars, and music venues. We have a beautiful room available in my two room unit located on the border of downtown, and the Capitol Hill and First Hill neighborhoods of Seattle. It is a perfect place for people visiting on business: 5 minutes to the Convention Centre. 15 minute walk to the Amazon campus. It is also perfect for vacationers wanting to stay in a central location to all of Seattle's cool, fun neighborhoods. A stone's throw from Pike Place Market, the Seattle Art Museum, The Frye Museum, and downtown shopping, you will not find a more conveniently located crash pad. You will have your own bedroom, as well as bathroom with a  shower. You will be provided with fresh linens and towels to use. We have a washer and dryer in the unit. Shared kitchen and living space. Modern 1 Bedroom apartment in a modern newly renovated building just a few blocks away from the convention center Our cool and comfortable apartment is next to the convention center, downtown, just minutes away from all the downtown shopping, and an 10 min walk to Pike's place market, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the gum-wall e.t.c.  - Next to the Convention Center - High Speed Internet  - Flat Screen TV  - Kitchen  - Bedroom  - Dining Table This is a great area. Key attractions and fun things to check out here include:  - Pike's Place Market (a favorite is Pike's Place Fish, where they'll lob huge fish over the counter to spectators)  - The First Starbucks  - The Seattle Great Wheel  - Post Alley (Unique enclave of restaurants, shops and of course, the Gum Wall)  - The Tasting Room (Coop of 7 state wineries) There are more than 60 places to eat within within walking distance but some restaurants we like in the area are:  - Purple Cafe - RN74 Seattle Suites, LLC manages privately owned furnished condos in the heart of downtown Seattle.  Our comfortable beds, great location, flexible pricing and lengths of stay make us the perfect choice for business and leisure travel.   Live like a Seattleite.  In the heart of downtown Seattle, our location is rated a “walker's paradise" with a 96 out of 100 walkability score.  Next to the Washington State Convention Center, 8 blocks from the Pike Place Market, near all major medical facilities (ie. Virginia Mason, Swedish Hospital, Polyclinic, Harborview Medical Center, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center) and the central business district, our location is ideal whether you are staying in Seattle for business, vacation or medical treatment.  Our studio condo has a cozy queen bed in the living room in addition to a comfortable sitting area, full kitchen and bath.  The condo is approximately 485 sq. ft.  All amenities including wireless internet are included.  Portable air conditioners are providNewly furnished, private, high-end luxury condo at an excellent location. Right next to the Convention center, blocks away from Seattle's hottest bars & restaurants, and minutes away from Pike Place Market. Perfect for work & play. // HIGHLIGHTS // - 3min walk to Convention Center, 10min walk to Pike Place Market & Light Rail station, 5min walk to Capitol Hill - Secure parking spot (available upon request) - Memory Foam queen-sized bed, down feather pillows & comforter - In-unit washer & dryer - High speed internet - 42" flat screen TV with cable & Netflix - Fully-equipped kitchen - Brand new furnishings - Aerobed to sleep an additional 2 (available upon request) // ADDITIONAL AMENITIES // - Coffee maker - Electric kettle - Toaster - Spices - Basic cooking utensils, pots, and pans - Hair dryer - Iron & board - Laundry detergent - Linens and towels - Shampoo & conditioner, body wash - Paper Towels // AVAILABLE // - 2 children's sleeping bags - Pack & Play - high chair - Rooftop deck - RSeattle Suites, LLC manages privately owned furnished condos in the heart of downtown Seattle.  Our comfortable beds, great location, flexible pricing and lengths of stay make us the perfect choice for business and leisure travel.   Live like a Seattleite.  In the heart of downtown Seattle, our location is rated a “walker's paradise" with a 96 out of 100 walkability score.  Next to the Washington State Convention Center, 8 blocks from the Pike Place Market, near all major medical facilities (ie. Virginia Mason, Swedish Hospital, Polyclinic, Harborview Medical Center, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center) and the central business district, our location is ideal whether you are staying in Seattle for business, vacation or medical treatment.  This two bedroom condo will sleep up to six with a king bed in one bedroom, twin beds in the second bedroom and a sleeper sofa in the living room.  The twin beds can be put together to form a king upon request.  This large corner condo is approximately 850 Walking distance to EVERYTHING! Studio is adorable, in a building with lots of character and you are just steps away from the Washington Convention center, Pike Place Market, Ferry, Waterfront, Capitol Hill, Belltown, and so much more... Cozy studio in older but charming building. Studio has wood floors, lots of windows with natural light, and a stocked kitchen with essentials to get a little creative with the cooking. :) The location also can't be beat! Guest can make themselves at home! -kitchen -closet -den -elevator -laundry facility I will personally give you the keys and give you a quick tour of the apartment. If there is anything that you need during your stay feel free to contact me. Also Im more than happy to give you any tips, or recommendations of places, to see, eat, visit, etc. First Hill is my favorite neighborhood for its location. You are in the middle of all the fun. Just 5-10 min walk and you are in Capitol Hill where you will find shops, restaurant, bars, bowling allI am a 5 Star host with Airbnb. This apartment is within walking distance to everything Downtown Seattle has to offer. Amenities include a Fitness Center with Stellar views, Wi-Fi and Basic Cable.  There is also a queen size air mattress provided if you choose to invite a guest. This Building has a walkway connection to the Convention Center and it's less than a block away. Guest will have access to the top residential lounge, the fitness center and other social areas. As often as I'm needed but ideally upon arrival. This building is less than a year old and stunning. You're in walking distance to Downtown and transportation. There is television internet access and Comcast Cable. Ordering movies is prohibited. Please note that If ordered there will be a 300% markup.Come stay at our spacious and mod flat with parking! We are always looking forward to hosting great people. Email us to see if we can work out a deal for you. With a 98 Walkscore and 100 Transit score, you and your family and friends can enjoy downtown shopping, the waterfront, Pike Place Market, CenturyLink Field (home of the Seattle Seahawks and Sounders), Safeco Field, Seattle Underground Tour, fine dining and restaurants steps away. After your day experience Seattle attractions, enjoy the nightlife of Belltown, Downtown, or Capitol Hill. Our spaciously cozy flat awaits you! The unit is furnished with one queen bed and one sofa bed equipped with comfortable bedding. The full-sized bathroom contains a large bath tub and shower, towels, blowdryer, and toiletries. Our kitchen has professional stainless steel kitchen appliances to make a tasty meal if you choose to stay in. Apartment amenities includes: Internet Fully equipped kitchen Dining Table Washer/Dryer Dry Cleaning Heater  And mPerfect location for any traveler visiting Seattle. Extremely close in proximity to Washington State Convention Center, The Paramount Theatre,  Cheesecake Factory, and Pikes Market. Amenities include use of outdoor pool, gorgeous rooftop, and a gym.Cozy loft in the heart of Seattle! We have a perfect 100 Walk Score! Walk to: Downtown, Pike Market, Space Needle, Capitol Hill, Belltown, Lake Union, Freeway Park, Light Rail, Stadiums, UW, Ferries & Countless Bars and Restaurants. LGBT Friendly. The loft is only accessible by a spiral staircase and includes: a curtain for privacy, a queen size fold out bed, fresh linens, towels, fan, heater, a reading lamp and storage for your clothing is included. *We have our own private bedroom downstairs. We share the entire space except your loft and our bedroom. You have 24/7 access to the kitchen, patio, living room, washer/dryer, and bathroom. A mini-grocery is right in our building. We are happy to recommend our favorite local spots, and we enjoy showing guests around town if/when we're available. Pub crawls being one of our favorite hobbies.  ***PLEASE BE AWARE THIS IS A SHARED SPACE. WE HAVE A PRIVATE BEDROOM AND YOU HAVE THE UPSTAIRS LOFT - WE ALL SHARE BATHROOM, KITCHEN, ETC.   **CHECK-IBrand new suite in a great location on First Hill, right next to Swedish and Virginia Mason Hospital . Perfect for couples or professionals who need the extra space in which hotels can't provide. This is a 2 bedroom apartment, available as a 1br. Beautiful new 2 bedroom 2 bathroom condo on First Hill, just blocks away from Capital Hill, the Convention Center, and Pike Place Market. High end amenities, gourmet restaurants, historic theaters, and world class shopping are just steps away during your vacation, or long term stay. If you are a travelling nurse, doctor, professional, this would make the perfect home for your extended stay. Located near Madison and Minor Ave, this is the perfect location to experience everything Seattle has to offer. -Fully equipped kitchen -Free wifi and cable television -Washer and dryer in the unit -Iron board and clothes iron -Hair dryer -Coffee maker I have more unit's in this building for a larger party, and may be able to host 5-6 people during your staWalking distance from downtown shopping at Pike's Place, or experience the boutique scene of Capitol Hill right outside this perfectly located apartment.  Large floor plan studio with kitchen, desk space, and living area. This listing will comfortably fit two guests - one full bed, one futon, and one love seat. Stay in and enjoy the view, or get out and taste some of Seattle's finest coffee and food. Enjoyable music and night life around every corner. Wifi, Laundry units, TV if you feel like staying in and watching a movie. Frequently online. Walking distance from downtown Seattle and Pike's Place, or experience the boutique shops and scene of Capitol Hill - Seattle's most vibrant neighborhood. Coffee shops, bars, parks, shopping, great restaurant and music scene in every direction. Regardless of where you want to go in the city, this location is accessible to busses that will take you anywhere in the city. Conveniently located in between Pine and Pike St, where you can very easily catOur most spacious 1 bedroom apartment with ample room to entertain. Guests love the claw foot tub and unique light-well in the hallway. A king-sized luxury bed, high-end sleeper sofa, and fully equipped kitchen make this unit a home for 1 - 4 guests. St. John's is an apartment building in the heart of Capitol Hill's Pike/Pine Corridor, the most dynamic and lively neighborhood in Seattle.  We have 25 apartments, 8 of which are furnished and rented on a short term basis.   This apartment, #300, is a large one-bedroom with a king bed in the bedroom and a queen sized, actually very comfortable sleeper sofa in the living room.  It sleeps a maximum of four.  The living space is generous: perfect for crowding around the TV on game days with all your friends, or just sprawling out after a day of exploring the city. Need some deep relaxation? Draw a bath in the luxurious claw foot tub!  The apartment is air conditioned and has high speed wireless internet.  It is on the third floor, two flightsThe large comfortable bedroom has a queen bed,  bay windows , hardwood floors, and is located on a quiet tree lined street. This charming old building is in a quiet neighborhood. It is a short walk to downtown and convenient to restaurants, concerts, site seeing, and other activities. This is a 110 year old building with large rooms and wonderful views from the bay windows.  Hard wood floors and gorgeous crown molding complete the charm of each room. There is one flight of stairs to access the apartment.  The bathroom is modern and shared with the host.   Photos are available. This is a security building. There is a court yard with gate at the front.  Small lights are on at night, which light the bushes and small trees in the courtyard. The apartment is on the second floor. You will have code for entry to the building and key for apartment. When I am home and I enjoy answering questions and interacting with quests.  I have maps and brochures with ideas for site seeing. This is a quiet Great view for sunrise and sunset facing the sound, located right behind the Colombia tower. Walking distance to the sports stadiums, P Square, I-District, Waterfront, Capitol Hill, and all of downtown. KING SIZE pillow top in the bedroom COMFY! You will have the full apartment. Livingroom with the gorgeous view, kitchen, bathroom and private bedroom. I am always available! Near King Station (access to all rails) bus stops locally. Hospitals in the surrounding area. 5 minute walk to Capitol Hill, Waterfront, I-District, 10 minute walk to the Stadiums and Pioneer Square.This large luxury condo is in the epicenter of Capitol Hill and is a only a few blocks from all downtown Seattle has to offer. Seattle's best coffee shops, restaurants and music venues are literally right outside the front door. Modern loft style condo is 1500 square feet with a large chefs kitchen, steam washer/dryer, 1 parking space for your use ($25 a night additional fee) and keyless entry to the building and condo. You will have a private bedroom w/ queen bed, walk in closet and your own 60 in LED TV (full cable, Netflix, HBO, Showtime etc) as well as your own full bath (shower, bath, vanity). You'll have access to the whole space (kitchen, living room, dining room, office) minus the master bedroom/bath. You also have access to a massive rooftop deck with 360 degree views of Seattle, the Space Needle, Lake Union and Capitol Hill. As a guest, you'll have access to a large living room/dining room with floor to ceiling industrial windows, a 60 in LED tv (w/ full cable/dvr!), a full cLocated on Capitol Hill/First Hill, this beautiful apartment is flush with amenities. Barbecue or sunbathe on the rooftop terrace, catch a work out in the fitness center, revel in the neighborhood teeming with nightlife, or hang out on the patio. Beautifully furnished, with everything you'll need for a quick trip or an extended stay. Comfy leather couch, chrome cast and a huge T.V., high speed internet, coffee and tea station in the kitchen and with all the kitchen ware you'll need for a night in, this place is home for a day or a month. The 6th floor rooftop terrace had 2 giant propane barbecues, a gas firepit, lounge chairs and views of the neighborhood. The gym is available if you're feeling guilty about indulging at the market. There is a 2nd private room, I may be there or it may be another guest. The more the merrier, right? This is truly the best neighborhood to be in. The skyrocketing rent will back me up on that. You can walk 10 minutes in any direction and hit any number of eWe have an awesome place right on Pike Street in Capitol Hill close to lots of awesome bars and restaurants. Our apartment is a studio with an upstairs loft and plenty of space to accommodate up to four people (two very comfortably). Upstairs in the bedroom, we have a comfortable full sized bed (as you can see, upstairs is carpeted, and we don't have a bed frame...intentional choice!). Downstairs in the living room, we have a couch that easily collapses into a futon. Additionally, we have a large TV with access to Netflix and Hulu, as well as standard kitchen and bathroom accommodations.  Additionally, we have a super cute Shiba Inu named Cactus who will not be in the apartment while you're staying here, but you may see dog items tucked away. This is mainly a heads up for those with allergies. The apartment will be in tip top shape and very thoroughly clean in anticipation of your arrival, of course! You'll have access to our entire apartment, as we will be out of town. We will be out Great location, 98% walk score, next to the Convention Center, no additional costs or fees. Includes breakfast, snacks, WiFi, street parking, washer/dryer.  Read the reviews and know I'll do everything I can to make your stay wonderful.  Rates from $99 to $219 -- like hotels, depending on season or special events. Greetings from Seattle!  Thanks for considering my place. I've worked to make this the best Airbnb deal in downtown Seattle -- no deposit required or cleaning fee, no "check-out checklist" to clean, change linens or do laundry before leaving -- you just leave when you're ready and Nadia, the world's best housekeeper, will go in and make the place fresh and ready for the next guests.  Unlike hotels, there's no 17.9% hotel occupancy or state taxes, you'll save upwards of $45 a day in parking, and the mini-bar is free. The calendar is always up to date, so if you have a few Airbnb reviews or Airbnb-verified information, with Instant Book privileges, you can book immediately.  OtI love my apt!It is 9 blocks up the hill from Pike Place Market and touristy attractions or 4 blocks downhill from Broadway and its quirky and hipster vibe. Short cab to Safeco/Century Link (South) & Key Arena (North). Really in the middle of it all! Shared space in a one bedroom apt, comfortable queen size sofa bed and access to all apt. Accommodations include a queen size sofa bed and access to kitchen and dining room. I also provide snacks and toiletries! I will be available to help! The apt is incredibly well located between Capitol Hill and downtown Seattle. There is a bus stop right at the entrance of the building, there is also access to a transit station about 6 blocks down the hill. I share my space with two very well behaved kitties, so hopefully that is not an inconvenience!Brand new 2 bedroom 2 bathroom condo, in a great location by Swedish Hospital. Perfect for families needing a place with extra space, that hotels can't provide. Great for travelling nurses, doctors, and other working professionals for longer periods. Beautiful new 2 bedroom 2 bathroom condo on First Hill, just blocks away from Capital Hill, the Convention Center, and Pike Place Market. High end amenities, gourmet restaurants, historic theaters, and world class shopping are just steps away during your vacation, or long term stay. If you are a travelling nurse, doctor, professional, this would make the perfect home for your extended stay.  Located near Madison and Minor Ave, this is the perfect location to experience everything Seattle has to offer.  -Fully equipped kitchen -Free wifi and cable television -Washer and dryer in the unit -Iron board and clothes iron -Hair dryer -Coffee maker I have more unit's in this building for a larger party, and may be able to host 5-6 people during yoNicely appointed Deluxe Downtown Seattle 2 bdrm 1 bth PH Condo adjacent the WA State Convention Center. Short walk to: Pike Place Market, flagship Nordstroms, Capitol Hill nightlife & dining, Starbucks Roastery, Theaters, bus lines & link light rail. This unit is hypoallergenic, we have only hard surface floors (no rugs), leather furniture, memory foam mattress in the master bedroom, no feathered bedding. We strive to maintain a clean and allergen free environment. Included is a purified water treatment system for your drinking water. We have made every effort to provide all of the essentials that you will find in most homes to make your short or long term stay as comfortable as possible. We strictly enforce a no smoking, no pets policy. LIVING ROOM FEATURES: •  Italian leather furniture •  Dining table •  Desk work space •  HDTV with Encore movie channels and a DVD player •  Views West over Downtown Seattle. •  Complimentary high speed wireless Internet access •  Air conditioned for yEnjoy true city living in our light-filled, private 1-bedroom condo in the heart of downtown Seattle. ** Please read our entire listing description before booking - thx! ** This apartment is located right next to the Washington State Convention Center, within easy walking distance of Seattle's downtown shopping area, Pike Place Market, and the waterfront. Walk a few blocks east and you'll find lots of great restaurants and clubs in the Capitol Hill neighborhood.  The apartment is also very close to many major bus routes and the Link Light Rail, so it's easy to reach from the airport, and a great base camp for getting around & exploring the whole city. If you'll have a car you can borrow our guest parking pass for free street parking in the neighborhood. This is on the 4th floor on the southwest corner of an 11 story condo building. You'll find comfortable minimalist furniture, a complete kitchen with everything you might need, and a fully remodeled contemporary bathroom with towels, shThis bright studio is in a charming building in the heart of the Pike/Pine corridor. It's close to some of the best Seattle restaurants, coffee, and nightlife, and a short walk to the Convention Center, Pike Place Market, and the rest of downtown. My studio apt is in a classic turn of the century building in a great area of Capitol Hill, smack dab in the middle of all the bars/nightlife, cafes and restaurants you could ask for.   Studio apt. has full bed, kitchen, full bath, and great views of downtown and the space needle.  Big comfy couches are separated from bed area by dividers, and windows have blackout blinds for the light sensitive among us. Apt is 2 blocks from the edge of downtown, 3 blocks from the convention center, About blocks from the light rail, 1 block from bus stops, and 2 blocks from rental cars. Wifi access, bluetooth/fm radio boombox, desk, living room area, laundry in building. I really love this apt., and it is in a pretty ideal location for visiting my city.  LetSteps away from the Pike/Pine corridor and a short walk to downtown and Seattle Center.  Stay here for Thanksgiving! GREAT LOCATION  The apartment is located in quiet First Hill, and is only a couple blocks to Seattle's vibrant Capitol Hill. It is  less than a 5 minute walk to Pike & Broadway (Capitol Hill's main intersection) and a 10-15 min walk to Downtown. We are only a 10 minute walk to the Convention Center and is an ideal place for anyone attending a conference. Supermarkets, restaurants, coffee shops and lounges are all located nearby, and the apartment is within walking distance to all major bus lines, including the Convention Center Tunnel Station, which takes you anywhere inside and outside of Seattle. Bus line #2 is about 30 yards from the apartment which takes you downtown, to the Seattle Center (Space Needle) and on to Queen Anne. For a nice downhill walk,  Pike Place Market and the Nordstrom flagship store are about a 15-20 minute walk away.  The apartment has the followLive like a local Seattleite! My place is a block from Pike and Broadway -- the center of the Pike-Pine corridor. There's countless restaurants, bars and coffee shops within a few blocks. My place is super clean and we'll furnished: queen bed, big TV My place is perfect for couples and single travelers looking to experience Capitol Hill and Seattle. You'll have complete access to the unit. I enjoy meeting new people and other travelers. So, hosting is a lot of fun.  I like to show off my neighborhood. You're welcome to join me for a drink or bite. Of course you're welcome to keep to yourself as well. I love that the crosswalks are pride rainbow colors. I love that there's dozens of amazing coffee shops, bars and restaurants.  I love that I can walk everywhere.  Downtown is fun to sightsee, but all the cool stuff is in Capitol Hill. Mainly walking is the best way to get around.  There is a bus stop in front of my building with frequent service downtown. However, most of the time I walk Walk to Convention Center! Enjoy elegant, contemporary urban living in one of Seattle's most historic, vibrant neighborhoods. Garage parking available by request only. Our home is located in walking distance to convenient center, down town Seattle, Pike Place Market, Hospitals, Capital hill night life, Nike town, Game works, and so much more. Enjoy a stunning rooftop with free Wifi, views, Gas BBQ and fire pit. Coffee shop located right outside front door,  full hair and nail salon, sushi, and a dry cleaner. If you need anything just let us know!! Our cool and comfortable apartment is next to the convention center, downtown, just minutes away from all the downtown shopping, and an 10 min walk to Pike's place market, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the gum-wall e.t.c.  - Next to the Convention Center - High Speed Internet  - Flat Screen TV  - Kitchen with Gas range  - Bedroom  - Dining Table - Iron and Board - Washer/Dryer - French Coffee Press - My high floor apartment looks out onto tree tops. It's very quiet despite being in the city with less than 15 minute walk to Pike Place Market and all the amazing Capitol Hill bar/cafes. Ralph Lauren towels and Calvin Klein sheets for extra comfort. My place is a perfect studio condo for a trip to Seattle. You will access to the roof too views, washer/dryer, and common areas.This warm, comfortable, and modern 4th floor apartment sits in the treetops of First Hill with a view of St. James Cathedral and access to a rooftop deck.  Pike Place Market, the waterfront, shopping, and the convention center are easily walkable. Guests will have access to the entire apartment, including the kitchen.  Guests may also use the rooftop deck. I will meet each guest to hand off keys. No car needed.  Easy walkable access to downtown, the convention center, the waterfront, and lots of shopping.  Close proximity to the 2,3, 4, 11, and 12 buses, as well as the light rail, provide quick access to the entire city and the airport. Street parking is available but is not guaranteed.  Controlled access garage parking is also available for $10/day, payable at check-in, and requires advanced notice.Perfect room in a 2 Bedroom Condo in the Heart of Downtown Seattle.  The condo is roughly 800 Sq Ft and the room is about 150 sq ft.  Walk score of 98 and is within walking distance of major bus and train stops. My roommate and i both travel often for work, so one of our rooms will be available. They both offer the same amenities.  1 Bedroom available in a two bedroom Condo.  1 shared bathroom for entire unit.  Unit is located on the 21st floor.  Room includes:  Queen Sized bed with fresh sheets.  Small Dresser Closet w/hangers Desk coming soon Television coming soon You will have free access to the rooftop, gym, pool and hot tub within the time limits. You will be in contact with either myself or my roommate, depending on the day. Great location in the middle of downtown. Very safe as well.  I go jogging late at night just to get fresh air and feel completely safe.  Our condo is also very homey. Nothing like a bland hotel feel. Just a few blocks away from major bus routes and the max/Come find the perfect place to rest your wary feet after a long day sightseeing around the Emerald City!  We are a young recent grad couple and love to share our knowledge of the city best spots and greatest eats! Whether you are in town to vacation or for business, this is the perfect spot to call your headquarters.  The room and the apartment are full of natural light, warm in the winter and fresh in the summer.  You are blocks away from the downtown area, Pike's Place and Capitol Hill. You will have your own deluxe bedroom with a queen bed that sleeps 2 comfortably, along with your own full bathroom.  You will also have use of our WiFi network and our entertainment system with Netflix, Xbox and BlueRay.  The kitchen can be utilized but we require previous notification.  We also allow for a load of laundry per stay. We love to get to meet our guests and if time permits show you some sights, good places to eat and share our knowledge of the city.  Max is always willing to accept challImagine waking to the bustle of the Emerald city.  Live like a local from this fantastic downtown Seattle location where arts, culture, and city sights all come together. This spacious one bedroom, 1 bathroom condo is an excellent vacation rental! There is a laundry room on the 2nd floor of the building (we provide soap) and a roof top deck with great city views.   Access to the game room can be arranged with the concierge. We provide plenty of interaction with our guests.  We communicate check in instructions via email prior to your arrival, with plenty of time to allow questions prior to your departure.  We also have a smart phone app, for those who prefer electronic delivery of this documents. We require a standard vacation rental agreement, which includes a copy of the building rules, be completed by each guest. As a requirement of the building's HOA, these documents are to be signed and submitted to our office prior your arrival.  Please take note, there are no additional charges Near Swedish, the Convention Center, Downtown, and Broadway this beautiful one bedroom apartment, fitted with a queen size bed and amazing views, is near the heart of everything! POINTS OF INTEREST:  - Virginia Mason Medical Center - 0.2 miles - Chapel of Saint Ignatius - 0.2 miles - Swedish Medical Center - 0.2 miles - Frye Art Museum - 0.2 miles - Saint James Cathedral - 0.2 miles - Seattle University - 0.2 miles - Washington State Convention Center - 0.4 miles - Neumos (live music) - 0.4 miles - Harborview Medical Center - 0.4 miles - Seattle Central Community College - 0.4 milesWake up to the heart of Seattle in this cozy midcentury modern urban hideaway. Short walking distance to Downtown, Amazon, Convention Center, Capitol Hill. Real comfy bed & complementary Stumptown coffee, large screen Netflix and tons of books. I take great pride in my little urban abode and have furnished it with midcentury modern and Danish design. Having spent years abroad, the flat is filled with art, foreign language books and art books. You will be sharing the space with me, but I am frequently away at work (M-F) or evening functions. The bedroom nook is all yours.  This is an ideal space if you need to make a quick trip to Seattle and need to be in the center of it all without spending hundreds for a hotel room. The space is mere blocks away from the Convention Center and the Downtown core.  There is a Queen size bed in the bedroom nook with 500 thread count sheets. Towels and extra sheets are provided.  While I do have all the mod-cons (high-speed WiFi, flat screen TV, DVD playYou will have the whole place to yourself!  It is centrally located in Capitol Hill near First Hill within walking distance of downtown and Pike's Place Market.This beautiful space could not be in a more convenient location! Sandwiched between Downtown and Capitol Hill, it is walkable to Pike Place Market, the ferry and light rail stations, both stadiums as well as plenty of restaurant/bar/retail spots!My apartment is incredible located apartment in Capitol Hill where it meets Downtown. See my photos taken withing 1 square block. Parking/Light Rail near by. See my amazing reviews. This apartment was originally built for loggers and others in the 1910s.  It's now smack in the heart of all the uniqueness Capitol Hill offers and a few blocks to all the sites in downtown.  The kitchen includes all the cooking utensils you could need and spices.   The bedding is high thread count soft sheet with a  down duvet. The 40 inch TV is connected to the internet.  The internet is very fast and unlimited.   The couch folds down into a bed.  If you have a third person with you, there's plenty of room to have them sleep there.  There are lots of extra blankets. Note: there is no elevator in this old building. My apartment is on the 3rd floor. You will have access to my entire place and laundry facilities in the basement. I enjoy meeting new people and traveling.  So, I hope our paths cross and I can A fully furnished, adorable 1-bedroom apartment located on First Hill, on the verge of downtown Seattle and just down the hill from Capital Hill -great access to public transportation and walking distance to bars, restaurants, and attractions Really cozy and homey, in a perfect location. My one-bedroom is a spacious apartment with great views of the city. The apartment is fully equipped and furnished and is perfect for conference attendees at the Washington State Convention Center and business travelers, as well as tourists who would like to explore the city. The king-size bed accommodates 2-3 people and the futon accommodates 1-2 people. The building has secure access, and the guests will have access to the rooftop deck, swimming pool, and gym. The apartment has closet/storage space that will be cleared for guest use. Shared spaces within the entire apartment can be used by the guests within boundaries that will be defined and discussed prior to guest arrival. I love to chat with and Nicely appointed central Downtown Seattle top floor Condo adjacent the WA State Convention Center. Short walk to: Pike Place Market, the flagship Nordstroms, Capitol Hill nightlife & Restaurants, Starbucks Roastery, Paramount and 5th Ave. Theaters. Take a video tour of this unit on You Tube by searching Furnished Seattle Rentals and it is the Splendid Suite. This unit is hypoallergenic, we have only hard surface floors (no rugs), leather furniture, memory foam mattresses, no feathered bedding.  It is easy to maintain a clean and allergen free environment.  This unit is also equipped with a purified water treatment system for drinking water. We have made every effort to provide all of the essentials that you will find in most homes to make your short or long term stay as comfortable as possible. We strictly enforce a no smoking, no pets policy. LIVING ROOM FEATURES:  Queen Italian leather sofa bed  Dining table Desk work space HDTV with Encore movie channels and a DVD player  Views of CModern 1 Bedroom apartment in a modern newly renovated building just a few blocks away from the convention center  Our cool and comfortable apartment is next to the convention center, downtown, just minutes away from all the downtown shopping, and an 10 min walk to Pike's place market, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the gum-wall e.t.c.  - Next to the Convention Center - High Speed Internet  - Flat Screen TV  - Kitchen  - Bedroom  - Dining Table This is a great area. Key attractions and fun things to check out here include:  - Pike's Place Market (a favorite is Pike's Place Fish, where they'll lob huge fish over the counter to spectators)  - The First Starbucks  - The Seattle Great Wheel  - Post Alley (Unique enclave of restaurants, shops and of course, the Gum Wall)  - The Tasting Room (Coop of 7 state wineries) There are more than 60 places to eat within within walking distance but some restaurants we like in the area are:  - Purple Cafe - RN74Seattle Suites, LLC manages privately owned furnished condos in the heart of downtown Seattle.  Our comfortable beds, great location, flexible pricing and lengths of stay make us the perfect choice for business and leisure travel.   Live like a Seattleite.  In the heart of downtown Seattle, our location is rated a “walker's paradise" with a 96 out of 100 walkability score.  Next to the Washington State Convention Center, 8 blocks from the Pike Place Market, near all major medical facilities (ie. Virginia Mason, Swedish Hospital, Polyclinic, Harborview Medical Center, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center) and the central business district, our location is ideal whether you are staying in Seattle for business, vacation or medical treatment.  Our one bedroom penthouse condo is approximately 900 sq. ft.  It will sleep up to six with a king bed in the bedroom plus a sleeper sofa and two twin beds in the living area.   The condo has one bath with a full tub and shower and a second bath with shower Beautiful modern apartment in Seattle's trendiest neighborhood. Two bedroom & two bath with all the amenatnies and access to our roof top patio. Just a step away from world class coffee, cocktails, and food.Walk score 98%. Views, all amenities, incredible deal--no hidden costs. No deposit or cleaning fee.  Managed by an Airbnb veteran. Check the reviews and pics:  4-star city living/2-star price.  Rates start at $195.  $20/night to park in building. I've listed my own property with Airbnb since 2009, so when my neighbor Ryan said he'd be leaving to go teach in South Korea, he asked me to manage his place.   Inspired by 1960's music, favorite Rock 'n' Roll musicians with posters and lithographs to augment Ryan's rocker library, with really comfortable, well-designed beds and furniture.  We hope you'll agree, this is one of the cooler, upscale offerings on Airbnb. No extra charges unless you want maid service during your stay or reserved parking. There's no deposit or cleaning fee, no "check-out checklist" which often asks you to do dishes and laundry.  In this accommodation, cleaning is included in the nightly rate and, unlike staying in a hotel, there's no 17.9% hotel occupancy fee and stSpacious Studio Condo, located just steps from all of down town Seattle's hot spots.  Walking distance to Pike Place Market and More. Currently available weekend of 1/23.  Come stay and see the Seahawks play!Welcome to my home!  My studio apartment is meant as an in-city sanctuary, situated in a residential neighborhood but still close to most areas of Seattle. The bohemian decoration has a mixture of unique trinkets and living installations.  You'll find anything from one-of-a-kind crystals to wall vines, living art, and custom pieces from local artists. The studio will easily accommodate up to two individuals for maximum comfort, however 1-2 additional guests may join the party by utilizing floor space. Attention Photographers:  For those of you looking to use the space for shoots, please message with your shoot details and proposed crew size for approval. The apartment has a private and secure entry, whose code will be provided when your booking is confirmed.  Guests will also have keys for building and apartment entry. The building has a shared coin-operated laundry facility located in the basement. Detergent and fabric softener is available for guests to use. The entire studio is yourWalk to Convention Center! Enjoy elegant, contemporary urban living in one of Seattle's most historic, vibrant neighborhoods. Garage parking available by request only. Our home is located in walking distance to convenient center, down town Seattle, Pike Place Market, Hospitals, Capital hill night life, Nike town, Game works, and so much more. Enjoy a stunning rooftop with free Wifi, views, Gas BBQ and fire pit. Coffee shop located right outside front door,  full hair and nail salon, sushi, and a dry cleaner. If you need anything let us know! Our cool and comfortable apartment is next to the convention center, downtown, just minutes away from all the downtown shopping, and an 10 min walk to Pike's place market, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the gum-wall e.t.c.  - Next to the Convention Center - High Speed Internet  - Flat Screen TV  - Kitchen with Gas range  - Bedroom  - Dining Table - Iron and Board - Washer/Dryer - French Coffee Press - HardwoStay downtown Seattle near the Convention center, Paramount Theater & Pike place Market.  Drawn on vintage themes. Charming, it will take you back to a time of yesteryear when life was simpler and designs were contoured. On-site parking available. Winter promo (Dec. & Jan.): FREE parking, FREE luggage storage for early check in/out, FREE roller bed (subject to availability) The Space...Vintage themes. Throwback to another time.  Full size bed for two + single sleeper sofa. Guest Access...A studio condo with a full-sized bed w/ partition wall  + 1 twin sized sofa bed. Kitchen is fully equipped, flat screen TV with digital cable in living room. All linen provided, 1 office desk, washer and dryer in building, wireless internet included. Kitchen is fully equipped, flat screen TV with digital cable in living room. All linen provided, 1 office desk and wireless internet included. Laundry room with high-capacity coin operated washing and dryer machines in building. PARKING Please inquire abouThis studio is perfect for one or two people.  It has a full kitchen, a new (bought in July 12) queen bed and a small seating area.  The TV is a 40" Samsung and has a great picture.  There is free internet and air conditioning.  The bathroom has a tub/shower combination.   St. John's is right next to a large supermarket and 10 blocks from the middle of downtown Seattle.  It's the best location you could imagine for your holiday! It's a busy neighborhood.  There are many restaurants and bars nearby--two restaurants in our building in fact, plus a deli!  Across the street is a Pho restaurant and a sports bar.  Up the street are two large venues for live music.  One features national acts.   There are perhaps 40 restaurants in the area.  Any kind of food you want.  Plus with the complete kitchen in the apartment you can cook some of your meals there, saving money and making the time in Seattle more like home. The bus stops one block from us.  It's an easy walk down the hill to the middle This 900 sq. ft. one-bedroom apartment is located on a quiet tree-lined street. Walk 10 minutes to the city center or 5 minutes to the restaurant filled Capitol Hill neighborhood. The apartment is charming with exposed beams and very welcoming. The is a historic building with large rooms and with a beautiful courtyard entrance. The apartment is decorated with a bohemian and worldly flair.  The large living room is excellent for morning coffee and includes a bar armoire for your evening nightcap, a stereo system for your tunes, and a flat screen TV, DVD player, and HDMI connector for your entertainment. The living room does have a pull out couch that is optional to use. The bedroom is spacious with a luxe queen size bed. The full kitchen has a dishwasher, full refrigerator, and microwave, along with access to all the cooking equipment you may need.  If you have a car, I have a guest parking pass that allows you to park in the neighborhood for free. There is also a road bicycle availableLocated right downtown, you can walk or take a short cab ride pretty much anywhere in Seattle. Located right downtown, you can walk or take a short cab ride pretty much anywhere in Seattle. Located right downtown, you can walk or take a short cab ride pretty much anywhere in Seattle. Prime in location, condo is great spot to walk about downtown.  My condo is nice and low-key on the second floor in a concrete high-rise built in 1949.   A full one bedroom with a queen size bed.  Comfortable living room with a flat TV, cable, and wireless internet.  A great affordable place to stay and visit Seattle... Guests will be provided with a FOB to enter the building and keys to enter the residence. Also a shared washer/dryers laundry on the same floor. Per the condo, I'm required to meet you when you arrive. I live close by and can meet you in a short amount of time.  I am a bartender and work Wednesday-Friday evenings so if you come those night, we'll can work things out in advance.  Just east oEnjoy a sleek post mod decor studio in a vintage building with a one block walk to all the hippest spots on Capitol Hill.Walking distance to CapHill clubs/restaurants/cafes. Walking distance to Downtown and Pike place market. One bus away from U-District.I just purchased a new condo in a building right across from the convention center. It's perfectly located to see everything in Seattle. I've been renting out another unit in the same building and AirBnB guests have loved it! I purchased a new condo in a building right across from the convention center. It's perfectly located to see everything in Seattle. I've been renting out another unit in the same building and AirBnB guests have loved it! I just bought this condo a couple of months ago. There's a brand new bed and a pull out sofa and a corner sectional couch. This is my actual apartment, so there is definitely super fast wifi. There's also a combo laundry/dryer unit and the kitchen has everything you need to make a meal.  Guests will have access to the entire condo. I'm unfortunately out of town when I rent my place out, but I'm super responsive to emails. If you have any questions or concerns I can reply quickly! The location is perfect. If you're attending a conference this is thSeattle Suites, LLC manages privately owned furnished condos in the heart of downtown Seattle.  Our comfortable beds, great location, flexible pricing and lengths of stay make us the perfect choice for business and leisure travel. Live like a Seattleite.  In the heart of downtown Seattle, our location is rated a “walker's paradise" with a 96 out of 100 walkability score.  Next to the Washington State Convention Center, 8 blocks from the Pike Place Market, near all major medical facilities (ie. Virginia Mason, Swedish Hospital, Polyclinic, Harborview Medical Center, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center) and the central business district, our location is ideal whether you are staying in Seattle for business, vacation or medical treatment.  This two bedroom penthouse condo is approximately 1050 sq. ft.  and enjoys an expansive city view.  It will sleep up to six with a king bed in one bedroom, twin beds in the second bedroom and a sleeper sofa in the living room.  The twin beds can be put togethNice, comfortable, modern apartment located on the 12th floor.  There is a full-sized leather couch and love seat in the living room that are available to sleep on. You can take over the living room which has a couch that measures 70" long by 24" wide and a love seat that is 50" long by 24" wide.  I've slept on the couch and I'm 6'1", although if you're any taller than that it might be difficult!  There is also plenty of floor space if you prefer to sleep there and plenty of blankets and pillows.  I also have a home theater system with a 104" projected screen and Apple TV. You will have full 24-hour access to the apartment, and are welcome to come and go as you please during your stay. I will sleep in the bedroom while you have the entire living room.  There is one bathroom that we'll share.  You will be provided with fresh towels, soap, and shampoo. First Hill is adjacent to Downtown and Capitol Hill.  It's a mostly residential neighborhood with relatively quiet streets. You can take Center of the city, bus line directly across the street, safe area, private studio, all the privacy you need. Enjoy your stay in beautiful Seattle with your private studio. You will have a fully equipped kitchen, bedroom area, bathroom, and it also has a couch in case you decide to bring a third! Our home is set up like a model home. You won't feel like you're staying in someone's home. On site laundry where you will be provided with a laundry card. You will absolutely love this space!!! Private Studio, Bathroom, Kitchen, Living Space. We will meet you at the beginning of your stay to walk you through the apartment and show you the amenities.  You will have both of our cell phone numbers to call or text if you need anything. You will have complete privacy. Conveniently located in between Capitol Hill and Downtown Seattle, our location is perfect for anyone who is visiting the city. You will be directly across the street from the bus line to take you in to Capitol Hill or through downtoThe Nest is a charming two bedroom apartment close to everything the city has to offer. It has a wonderful view, beautiful yet cozy decor, and boasts a walk factor of 98. Come stay for a few days or a few weeks, and leave the car behind! The Nest is a charming apartment located in the Elektra Condominiums, right on the cusp of Downtown, Capitol Hill, and First Hill. Up on the eleventh floor, It looks westward over the city, and down on the convention center.  Nestled at the top of the trees, the afternoon light fills it with a bright warmth as the sun traverses the sky. The Elektra was built in 1947, and the apartment recently had a green "eco" remodel. The original oak parquet floors were refurbished, and wood trim was installed using recycled old growth Douglas fir, lovingly sanded down. Both were refinished with all-natural Tung oil. The paint has no VOCs (volatile organic compounds), and compliments the newly tiled kitchen and bathroom.  The total effect is stunning. The Nest is thCalendar Pricing  Amazing 1Bed apartment on a high floor with scenic views of downtown through different windows in living room/kitchen. Located right next to swedish hospital and very close to the convention center. See 2Bed version w/ same views: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/4311275 Our cool and comfortable apartment is right next to the convention center, downtown, just seconds away from all the downtown shopping, and an 8-10 min walk to Pike's place market, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the gum-wall e.t.c.  - Scenic Views of Downtown - Next to the Convention Center - High Speed Internet  - Flat Screen TV  - Kitchen  - Bedroom  - Dining Table - Outdoor Pool (Only usable in the summer) - Outdoor Hottub(Usable year-round) This is a great area. Key attractions and fun things to check out here include:  - Pike's Place Market (a favorite is Pike's Place Fish, where they'll lob huge fish over the counter to spectators)  - The First Starbucks  - ThThis nice private bedroom has a full bathroom attached. The location is perfect to enjoy the nightlife with just walking out the door. very close to downtown as well. The King sized bed is my favorite part. Always a good night's sleep. Free parking.This is a spacious one-bedroom on First Hill, 2 blocks from Pike/Pine. I normally live in it, and rent out only when I am not in town, so it has all the amenities of a living space. It is not just a rental; it is home!Right in the heart of downtown Seattle's First Hill neighborhood, near Swedish Hospital, and the Convention Center. Lots of great restaurants nearby, and Capital Hill is only a few blocks away.One bedroom apartment.  Adjacent to the Convention Center and near all downtown attractions.  Paramount Theater 3 blocks away.  Pike/Pine restaurants, nightlife at your doorstep. Pike Place Market, Waterfront, Symphony near. Sleeps two.  Full kitchen. One bedroom apt Just east of the Washington State Convention Center.   West facing.    Upper floor of building.  Elevator.  Beautiful view of downtown skyline and Lake Union  One beroom, Fully furnished.  Queen size bed.   Linens, towels etc provided Fully equipped kitchen  Wireless internet Across the street from the Convention Center Close to downtown and Pike/Pine entertainment district.  Restaurants, theaters all within easy walking distance. Walking distance to Pike Place Market and Waterfront Ten minute walk or quick taxi ride from the light rail station from the airport. Many transit connections to other destinations Full kitchen Laundry in building All linens and other needs provided.Apartment 304 is our first short term, started in 2005.  It is very comfortable and a great place to stay while visiting Seattle.  There are two bedrooms.  The master has a Cal King bed, the second has two adult sized twins.  There is no sleeper in the living room so the apartment can only house up to four guests.  The living room, kitchen and dining area are all combined into one great room.  It is comfortable and fully stocked with all the kitchen necessities, so eating in is easy and convenient.  Speaking of convenient, across the street is a large grocery store, so nothing could be easier.   We're in a great neighborhood with lots of shops, restaurants and bars.  There's lots of night spots around and the summer weekend nights are very busy on the streets.  Three blocks from us is Seattle's most active area of night clubs and bars, including several with live bands.  There's also a great park, Seattle's best bookstore and a huge music store.  It's a great area! You can easily walk On the Border of Cap Hill and First Hill, close to Swedish Hospital and Broadway, this beautiful two bedroom/two bathroom place is spacious and comfortable. It's fitted with two queen size beds - each with a full bathroom -  is in a great location. POINTS OF INTEREST:  - Virginia Mason Medical Center - 0.2 miles - Chapel of Saint Ignatius - 0.2 miles - Swedish Medical Center - 0.2 miles - Frye Art Museum - 0.2 miles - Saint James Cathedral - 0.2 miles - Seattle University - 0.2 miles - Washington State Convention Center - 0.4 miles - Neumos (live music) - 0.4 miles - Harborview Medical Center - 0.4 miles - Seattle Central Community College - 0.4 milesClick on my profile to see my positive host reviews.  My newly built apartment with a view is located on Pike in Capitol Hill walking distance to the downtown sights, great restaurants, cafes, and bars.  It is newly furnished with comfort in mind. My place is located just of Pike St.  It's perfect for sightseeing seeing downtown as well as relaxing in Capitol Capitol Hill. You will have access to the entire apartment as well as the roof top deck, and courtyard. I enjoy meeting new people and traveling. So, I hope our paths cross and I can introduce you to my place. I love my neighborhood. It's comfortable, friendly, unique and it's why many people come to Seattle. Downtown is fun and all (Pike's place, Space Needle, and shopping); but, when it's time to feel the real Seattle Capitol Hill is the place to be. Between the coffee shops, fancy (and not-so-fancy) restaurants and bars you will have plenty to do and see. Capitol hill is great for walking.  It's close enough to downtown to walkOur 2 bedroom apartment is located in between downtown & Capitol Hill, only a 5 min walk from the Seattle Convention Center, downtown, bars & Capitol Hill's nightlife; 10 min walk from the link light rail. Our apartment has two bathrooms and two bedrooms. Each bedroom can comfortably accommodate two people, so it is a good location for a party of four. We are close to downtown so there are plenty of good restaurants to try out. However, we have a small kitchenette in case our guests want to cook. Our living room gets good natural light because of the windows; it is a nice place to sit down, relax, read a book or have a warm drink to enjoy one of the many rainy days in Seattle. The Neighborhood  Our home is located in between downtown and Capitol Hill, only a five minute walk from the Seattle Convention Center, the Paramount Theatre, downtown, and the bars and nightlife of Capitol Hill. It's a ten minute walk from the link light rail and the Pike Place Market. There are plenty of placesLocated on Capitol Hill/First Hill, this beautiful apartment is flush with amenities. Barbecue or sunbathe on the rooftop terrace, catch a work out in the fitness center, revel in the neighborhood teeming with nightlife, or hang out on the patio. Beautifully furnished, with everything you'll need for a quick trip or an extended stay. Comfy leather couch, chrome cast and a huge T.V., high speed internet, coffee and tea station in the kitchen and with all the kitchen ware you'll need for a night in, this place is home for a day or a month. The 6th floor rooftop terrace had 2 giant propane barbecues, a gas firepit, lounge chairs and views of the neighborhood. The gym is available if you're feeling guilty about indulging at the market. There is a 2nd private room, I may be there or it may be another guest. The more the merrier, right? This is truly the best neighborhood to be in. The skyrocketing rent will back me up on that. You can walk 10 minutes in any direction and hit any number of eAn extremely convenient neighborhood/downtown location. 10 minute walk from Pike Place Market, two minute walk from the convention center, and only a 5 minute walk from the wonderful Capitol Hill entertainment/food/nightlife scene. 10 minute walk to Pike Place Market District The convenience of downtown from a neighborhood perspective. Only at arrival and departure. I love that I can step out into the street, look down and see the Puget Sound & Pike Place Market. Then you can look up the opposite direction and see right into the eclectic neighborhood that is Capitol Hill. The light rail will take you from the airport to downtown dropping you off a half mile from the apartment. From there the bus system is a good option however, Uber is one of the best and most cost effective ways to get around downtown Seattle and Capitol Hill.#206 is a comfortable, fully furnished 1-bedroom apartment in the heart of Seattle's Capitol Hill. Featuring restored hardwood floors, a claw foot tub, and a stocked, modern kitchen. With a queen bed and a queen-sized sleeper sofa, it can sleep 4.  St. John's is an apartment building in the heart of Capitol Hill's Pike/Pine Corridor, the most dynamic and lively neighborhood in Seattle.  We have 25 apartments, 8 of which are furnished and rented on a short term basis.   #206 is a spacious one-bedroom unit. It features restored original hardwood floors (our building is over 100 years old!), a claw-foot tub, and a fully-stocked modern kitchen with a gas range. The living room has a new, state-of-the-art queen sleeper sofa by American Leather, which we are told is the best sleeper sofa ever made. The bedroom has a queen bed. Both the bedroom and living room have flat screen TVs with Direct TV and Blu-Ray / DVD players.  We're located right on the edge of downtown, 10 blocks from the middleThis open, spacious studio apartment has one bedroom, one full bath, and a full kitchen area. The hallway/corridor has enough space for a desk. This 500 square foot studio apartment is the perfect home away from home in the heart of Seattle. Minutes away from the convention center, Space Needle, downtown Seattle, University of Washington and Seattle Pacific University, this place is perfectly centered and also within walking distance to some of the best bars and restaurants within Seattle.  From this fantastic central location, some of Seattle's best areas are just a short walk or drive away. Pike Place Market is 15 minutes away on foot or by bus, or just 5 minutes by car or cab. In the same waterfront area are the Seattle Great Wheel and the Seattle Art Museum. There are plenty of bus stations within easy walking distance of the apartment that can take you practically anywhere in the city. The neighborhood also has dozens of options for great places to eat: Terra Plata - known for theThis fantastic location has a walkability score of 99, close to Convention Center, library, Benaroya Hall, Seattle Art Museum, Town Hall, and everything downtown has to offer.  Fantastic pizza joint and bar in adjoining building. This is a small but cozy and charming studio, the building was originally a hotel but all units got changed to studios.  This unit was renovated about 1 year ago with new carpets, paint, and fixtures. Please feel free to have anything in my fridge. I'll be available through email pretty much anytime during your stay. This studio is close to everything downtown!  4 blocks down you have the Seattle Public Library with its unique architecture.  Head down 4 more blocks and you're at the waterfront and just a hop to Pike Place Market. After your stay, please lock the door, then slide the keys under the door.Our cool and comfortable 2BD suite is next to the convention center, downtown, just minutes away from all the downtown shopping, and an 10 min walk to Pike's place market, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the gu Can't get a reservation for your desired dates? Price isn't right? Want to see more options? Check out our other listings in the area: Amazing View 2 Bed - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/4311275 Amazing View Downtown - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/2825852 Convention Center. 98 Walkscore - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/4009508 Convention Center – Modern 1Bed - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5372156 Modern 1Bed – Convention Center - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/3803947 Modern 1Bed 2 – Convention Center - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/4031625 Modern 1Bed 3 – Convention Center - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/4106041 This clean studio located in First Hill is as conveniently located as it gets.  Queen size bed, full Bath and Kitchen, it's got everything you need to be your launchpad for exploring Seattle.Located in the heart of downtown Seattle, next to the Convention Center. Relax in this in city retreat featuring park-like views, modern updates, smart layout along w/ a spacious 1 bedroom suite w/ an extra sofa bed and roller bed for up to 5 guests. Winter promo (Dec. & Jan.): FREE parking, FREE luggage storage for early check in/out, FREE roller bed (subject to availability). Located in the heart of downtown Seattle, next to the Convention Center. Relax in this in city retreat featuring park-like views, modern updates, smart layout along w/ a spacious 1 bedroom suite w/ an extra sofa bed and roller bed for up to 5 guests On First Hill, just off Pike Street, adjacent to Washington State Convention Center, ACT Theater, Paramount Theater, Niketown, H&M, Gameworks, shops, restaurants, grocery and more. Pike Place market, Capitol Hill, Virginia Mason and Swedish hospital are just few blocks away. A one bedroom condo with queen size bed + queen size sofa bed. Extra roller bed available upoNEWLY RENOVATED! Private, luxury condo with lots of natural light and beautiful city scapes. Right next to the Convention center, blocks away from Seattle's hottest restaurants, and minutes away from Pike Place Market. Perfect for work & play. // HIGHLIGHTS // - 3min walk to Convention Center, 10min walk to Pike Place Market & Light Rail station, 5min walk to Capitol Hill - Secure parking spot (available upon request) - Memory Foam queen-sized bed, down feather pillows & comforter - High speed internet - 46" flat screen TV with cable, HBO, DVD player - Fully-equipped kitchen - Aerobed to sleep an additional 2 (available upon request) // ADDITIONAL AMENITIES // - Coffee maker - Electric kettle - Toaster - Spices - Basic cooking utensils, pots, and pans - Hair dryer - Iron & board - Laundry detergent - Linens and towels - Shampoo & conditioner, body wash - Paper Towels // AVAILABLE // - 2 children's sleeping bags - Pack & Play - high chair - Rooftop deck - Recreation room with pool tableThis corner unit condo has a cozy private patio area for BBQing and a large open kitchen. It's in a great location for enjoying the nightlife in Capitol Hill and downtown and has laundry and a dishwasher. Secure underground parking is included Our condo is very well-appointed and cozy. You can easily get to all the action from our front door either on foot or on the bus that stops right at our doorstep. Sleeping details:  -One king sized bed in a private master bedroom (with its own bath)   -One inflatable queen AIR MATTRESS That can be set up in the living room -One Full sized bed in the 2nd bedroom -Fridge  -Cupboards  -Laundry  -Gym in the building  -Theater room in the building  -We'll leave clean towels out and clean sheets on the beds. I am always available via text, call or Airbnb message if you need us! We're in the Seattle University neighborhood (southern border of Capitol Hill, northern border of First Hill) and blocks away from Capitol Hill nightlife and the International DSeattle Suites, LLC manages privately owned furnished condos in the heart of downtown Seattle.  Our comfortable beds, great location, flexible pricing and lengths of stay make us the perfect choice for business and leisure travel. Live like a Seattleite.  In the heart of downtown Seattle, our location is rated a “walker's paradise" with a 96 out of 100 walkability score.  Next to the Washington State Convention Center, 8 blocks from the Pike Place Market, near all major medical facilities (ie. Virginia Mason, Swedish Hospital, Polyclinic, Harborview Medical Center, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center) and the central business district, our location is ideal whether you are staying in Seattle for business, vacation or medical treatment.  This one bedroom condo will sleep up to four people with a king bed in the bedroom and a sleeper sofa in the living room.  It is a corner unit condo, approximately 570 sq. ft. with a full kitchen, full bath and a nice view of the city.  All amenities includinBe in the heart of downtown Seattle's First Hill neighborhood, near Swedish Hospital, and the Convention Center.  Lots of great restaurants nearby, and Capital Hill is only a few blocks away. Beautiful new luxury condo on First Hill, just blocks away from Capital Hill, the Convention Center, and Pike Place Market. High end amenities, gourmet restaurants, historic theaters, and world class shopping are just steps away during your vacation, or long term stay. If you are a traveling nurse,doctor or professional, this would make the perfect home for your extended stay. Located near Madison and Minor Ave, this is the perfect location to experience everything Seattle has to offer. -Fully equipped kitchen -Free wifi and cable television -Washer and dryer in the unit -Iron board and clothes iron -Hair dryer -Coffee maker -Clubhouse -Event Space -Business center -Gas grill -Gym If you need any help, I'm always available. If you need recommendations, I can email you a long list of my favorite thNear Swedish Hospital, the Convention Center, Downtown, and Broadway this beautiful studio suite is in a fantastic location POINTS OF INTEREST:  - Virginia Mason Medical Center - 0.2 miles - Chapel of Saint Ignatius - 0.2 miles - Swedish Medical Center - 0.2 miles - Frye Art Museum - 0.2 miles - Saint James Cathedral - 0.2 miles - Seattle University - 0.2 miles - Washington State Convention Center - 0.4 miles - Neumos (live music) - 0.4 miles - Harborview Medical Center - 0.4 miles - Seattle Central Community College - 0.4 milesCentrally located 1-bedroom apartment in the heart of Capitol Hill. There's a futon and a bed in the apartment. Walking distance to Downtown Seattle. Very accessible to bus routes and light rail.Near Swedish, the Convention Center, Downtown, and Broadway this beautiful one bedroom apartment, fitted with a queen size bed and amazing views, is in a fantastic locationSeattle Suites, LLC manages privately owned furnished condos in the heart of downtown Seattle.  Our comfortable beds, great location, flexible pricing and lengths of stay make us the perfect choice for business and leisure travel.   Live like a Seattleite.  In the heart of downtown Seattle, our location is rated a “walker's paradise" with a 96 out of 100 walkability score.  Next to the Washington State Convention Center, 8 blocks from the Pike Place Market, near all major medical facilities (ie. Virginia Mason, Swedish Hospital, Polyclinic, Harborview Medical Center, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center) and the central business district, our location is ideal whether you are staying in Seattle for business, vacation or medical treatment.  Our one bedroom condo will sleep up to four people with a king bed in the bedroom and a sleeper sofa in the living room.  It is a corner unit condo, approximately 570 sq. ft. with a full kitchen, full bath and a great view of the city.   All amenities incluThis cozy 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment is located in an apartment complex in First Hill. Known as Seattle's first neighborhood, First Hill is a diverse areas filled with restaurants, shops, and entertainment venues. The Space This cozy 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment is located in an apartment complex in First Hill.  The Neighborhood  Known as Seattle's first neighborhood, First Hill is a diverse areas filled with restaurants, shops, and entertainment venues. If you're a fan of coffee, the Starbucks Reserve Roastery & Tasting Room is just up the street! This apartment is also only blocks away from Seattle University, the Washington State Convention Center, and the Paramount Theater.  Getting Around There are several bus stops within walking distance of this apartment. If you have a car, the I-5 Expressway is also nearby and easily accessible.  Other Things to Note Come check out First Hill by staying in this cozy apartment!  Please remember that you will be staying in a home, not a Modern 1 Bedroom apartment in a modern newly renovated building just a few blocks away from the convention center Our cool and comfortable apartment is next to the convention center, downtown, just minutes away from all the downtown shopping, and an 10 min walk to Pike's place market, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the gum-wall e.t.c.  - Next to the Convention Center - High Speed Internet  - Flat Screen TV  - Kitchen  - Bedroom  - Dining Table This is a great area. Key attractions and fun things to check out here include:  - Pike's Place Market (a favorite is Pike's Place Fish, where they'll lob huge fish over the counter to spectators)  - The First Starbucks  - The Seattle Great Wheel  - Post Alley (Unique enclave of restaurants, shops and of course, the Gum Wall)  - The Tasting Room (Coop of 7 state wineries) There are more than 60 places to eat within within walking distance but some restaurants we like in the area are:  - Purple Cafe - RN74 This entire condo on the 12th floor of a First Hill condominium building in downtown Seattle includes a kitchen, fast wifi access, queen bed, free access to a washer & dryer, and a home theater system! The perfect home away from home for anyone wanting to experience downtown Seattle at its best.  Walk five blocks to the Washington State Convention Center and eight blocks to the downtown retail core.  Pike Place Market, the waterfront, Century Link Field and the Seattle Center are also within 20 minutes of walking distance. - Washer & Dryer - High speed Internet (wifi) - 28 Mbps down and 5 Mbps up - Fresh towels & linens - Soap, shampoo & conditioner - Blow dryer - Iron I'll meet you to check-in, show you to your room, and answer any questions you may have.  After that, the space will be all yours!  If I am unable to meet you in person at your check-in time, I will leave a key in a lock box for you and you will be able to let yourself in. First Hill is Seattle's first neighborhood.  OurBeautifully furnished and light-filled 650 sqft 1BD with South facing windows & hardwood floors. Spotlessly clean - you'll be happy in your Seattle home. Walkers paradise: 10min to downtown (walk score=97) + bus to get you anywhere you can't walk. PARKING: This is walkers paradise, so ditch the car if possible. There's some street parking (pay by the hour M-Sat, 8-6) and several nearby lots, but the apartment does not have a parking space.  This is my home and I'm happy to share it with you - especially on weekends when I'm out of town exploring the Pacific Northwest. I ask that guests not help themselves to the wine or liquor in the cupboards because sometimes sharing isn't caring. Other than that, you can use anything as long as you put it back where you found it in the condition you found it. I'll use the buzzer to let you into the building and you'll be able to let yourself out, just leave the keys on the counter. You'll have the entire place all to yourself. There is so much to loModern 1 Bedroom apartment in a modern newly renovated building just a few blocks away from the convention center and close to every top seattle hospital Our cool and comfortable apartment is next to the convention center, downtown, just minutes away from all the downtown shopping, and an 10 min walk to Pike's place market, the first ever Starbucks (started in Seattle in case you didn't know!), the gum-wall e.t.c.  - Next to the Convention Center - High Speed Internet  - Flat Screen TV  - Kitchen  - Bedroom  - Dining Table This is a great area. Key attractions and fun things to check out here include:  - Pike's Place Market (a favorite is Pike's Place Fish, where they'll lob huge fish over the counter to spectators)  - The First Starbucks  - The Seattle Great Wheel  - Post Alley (Unique enclave of restaurants, shops and of course, the Gum Wall)  - The Tasting Room (Coop of 7 state wineries) There are more than 60 places to eat within within walking distance but some restaurants we likeThis colorful studio is located in a charming old brick building in the centrally located Capitol Hill neighborhood blocks away from the Convention Center and Light Rail to the Airport, Pike Place Market and some of the best restaurants in Seattle. Sweet little studio on Capitol Hill with hardwood floors, tons of art and a big collection of plants that make it a perfect oasis in the middle of the city. Location is one of best in city with ability to walk to almost everything.  The entire studio apartment and coin operated laundry machines in the basement. Guests also have access to my Zone 21 parking pass which allows you free parking anywhere in my neighborhood with a Zone 21 sign. This is a huge bonus in a neighborhood that is hard to park in and has no free parking unless you have a pass.  Guests have the place to themselves, I will just drop off the key and be available if you need anything! Capitol Hill is the most energetic, artistic and food centric neighborhood in Seattle. Fun Located across the street from WA State Convention Center and just two blocks from the downtown retail corridor, this 2-bedroom penthouse is sure to amaze. Professionally cleaned before each stay, includes fully renovated bath and hardwood floors.  Why book an expensive hotel room when you can stay in a beautiful Penthouse condominium in the heart of downtown Seattle for a fraction of the cost? This newly renovated two-bedroom, one-bath unit offers over 800 sq. ft. of living space and great views of the surrounding city. The unit is professionally cleaned before every guest stay and comes equipped with all of the luxuries that you would expect from a hotel. (And even some -- like a full washer and dryer -- that you wouldn't!)  The unit includes complimentary Kudos Spa toiletries, Starbucks coffee and tea, 50 mbps high speed internet, and basic cable TV. Full list of amenities appears below. A large parking space may be reserved for an additional $15/day.  In-unit amenities include: - WWake up to the heart of Seattle in this cozy midcentury modern urban hideaway. Minutes away from museums and Capitol Hill; just around the corner from the airport light rail. Complementary Stumptown coffee, toiletries + all the books you can read! I take great pride in my little urban abode and have furnished it with midcentury modern and Danish design. Having spent years abroad, the flat is filled with art, foreign language books and art books. There is a Queen size bed in the bedroom nook with 500 thread count sheets and a full-length couch for additional guests. Towels and extra sheets are provided.  While I do have all the mod-cons (high-speed WiFi, flat screen TV, DVD player, toaster, etc). I try to keep the space tranquil and without too many electronic distractions. There is a bluetooth Jawbone speaker so you can play music in any room from your smart phone. This is a wonderful older building with tons of character. There is an elevator and wheelchair access at the basement flooPrivate, cozy, luxury 2 bedroom condo at an excellent location. Right next to the Convention center, blocks away from Seattle's hottest bars & restaurants, and minutes away from Pike Place Market. Perfect for work and play. // HIGHLIGHTS // - 3min walk to Convention Center, 10min walk to Pike Place Market & Light Rail station, 5min walk to Capitol Hill - Secure parking spot (available upon request) - Jacuzzi tub - Memory Foam queen-sized bed, down feather pillows & comforter (master bedroom) - 2 twin size beds with queen size converter (2nd bedroom) - High speed internet - 42" flat screen TV with cable, Blu-Ray & HBO - Fully-equipped kitchen - Brand new furnishings - Aerobed to sleep an additional 2 (available upon request) // ADDITIONAL AMENITIES // - Coffee maker - Electric kettle - Toaster - Spices - Basic cooking utensils, pots, and pans - Hair dryer - Iron & board - Laundry detergent - Linens and towels - Shampoo & conditioner, body wash - Paper Towels // AVAILABLE // - 2 childrenThis 1BR/1BA apartment in Downtown Seattle has a queen bed, kitchen, and living room. Unit is walking distance to Pike Place Market and the Waterfront. Close to plenty of options for dining, coffee, bars, shopping, and more. The Space This modern and cozy 1BR/1BA apartment in Downtown Seattle is a great way to experience Seattle in comfort and convenience. The comfortable queen bed in the bedroom offers a great night of rest for 1-2 guests, and the couch/futon accommodates one more.  The Location This Downtown location puts the best of Seattle at our guests' fingertips. Pike Place Market, where you can get amazing clam chowder, shop at artisan boutiques, and buy fresh produce, is just 15 minutes away on foot! The Seattle Art Museum and the Seattle Aquarium are both just a few block away from Pike Place Market, so it's easy to visit each one after the other. Our neighborhood has plenty of options when it comes to dining and coffee. Arosa Cafe (a fantastic Belgian restaurant and coffee sCoppins Well is a conveniently located  beautiful urban One Bedroom. Located at 1000 Minor Ave you are close to everything. Beautiful new building with tons of amenities. Fully furnished with quality furnishings. No parking on siteThe building is right on the border of Capitol Hill and Downtown and very close to the Convention Center. This apt is in cap hill Seattle and exactly 2 blocks from the convention center. It's fantastic for folks who want to be right on the cusp of downtown, for conferences, and in cap hill for nightlife and restaurants.  Next to several highly rated yelp restaurants including: Sitka & Spruce, La Bete, Terra Plata, Artusi and others.  If you like speakeasy cocktails, knee high stocking co, which makes some of the best ones in town is around the corner. Other bars within 2-3 blocks are Still Liquor, Montana and Pine Box.  Also a short 3-5 min walk to the convention center, Nordstrom, Sephora, Diesel, Zara, All Saints, the Pacific Place Mall and many other shopping stores.  If you were to walk down on Denny, it would take about 10-12 mins to get to Whole Foods on Denny and Westlake.  High Speed Internet Flat Screen TV Kitchen Bedroom Dinning Table - Separate bedroom with a queen size bed Our cozy apartment is right in the heart of both bustling downtown Seattle and the vibrant Capitol Hill neighborhood. Walking distance to almost everything and on the fourth floor with an amazing view of city buildings and even the Olympic Mountains!First Hill is a great location because it is only 15 minutes walking to the Pikes Market, Pioneer Square, The Sports Stadiums and even closer to Capitol Hill if you like the night life. It has an A+ bus rating and is safe area for anyone at night. This is a great location and perfect living space for a trip. There is one queen sized bed and a couch that pulls out into a queen sized bed.  Huge bathroom with washer/dryer. Nice kitchen with everything you will need to cook. You will have access to the entire studio. Rooftop with BBQ's, Firepit and room to hangout. There is also a 24/7 gym with nice, new equipment. Everyone here is friendly and welcoming. Sometimes there will be building parties on the roof. The neighborhood is great because you are located about 10-15 minutes walking distance from Pikes Market, Pioneer Square, The Stadiums and only about 10 minutes from central Capitol Hill. Bus route rating is A+, You can walk to everything you will need to (grocery store, food, bars) I It's a new building in Capitol Hill with a 24hr fitness center, rooftop lounge with stunning views of Mt. Rainier. It is close to downtown, First Hill & Central District. Next door to Swedish Medical Center and Seattle University. Quiet area, cozy studio with great amenities. You have access to the gym, rooftop lounge, WiFi, and a washer/dryer. I will meet you upon arrival and checkout only. You can expect full privacy. Safe, quiet neighborhood with close access to hospital, restaurants, and bars. Also, close to highway and public transportation. There are 3 bus stops within one block of the building. The following bus lines service those stops: (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN), and 303. There is WiFi included though no cable TV.Our furnished apartment and bedroom located between First Hill/ Capitol Hill and International District.  3 blocks away from local transportation (Buses) and Seattle University. Cozy and 15 minutes from Downtown Seattle. What are you waiting for ? We are located between First Hill/Capitol Hill and International District.  Our apartment is a 2-bedroom apartment, so you will be staying at one of our room with your own bathroom. We are located between First Hill/Capitol Hill and International District. Our apartment is a 2-bedroom apartment, so you will be staying at one of our room with your own bathroom. The door is lockable with keys, if you lose the keys it will be 30$ to replace it. Feel free to use our kitchen and living room area, make yourself at home while you are staying with us. We have Wifi access through the entire apartment. VB and me will be available at all times, just give us a call or text us. We located at the Seattle University area, so everything is secured, and frienCozy downtown Studio located in First Hill , Easy walk to Pioneer square, Pike's Market, and all the fun Capital Hill neighborhood offers. Walk score of 97. WIFI , Netflix and free parking  . Come and see what vintage has to offerCome stay at the "1898", a 3 bed 1 bath top floor unit in a Victorian triplex. Why stay in a cramped hotel when you can stay here for less and have more! Amenities include new appliances, kitchen cabinets, granite counters, WD in unit, hardwood floors and a deck, and parking 900 sq. ft.   An easy walk to Downtown, Hospitals,Chinatown and Capitol Hill! HERE IS HOW THE PRICING WORKS Base price for 1 bedroom 1 to 2 people is $165.00 , the other 2 bedrooms will be locked , add $25 per up to 6. It is a 900 sq.ft. unit in a triplex remodeled with all new appliances, paint etc, it has a living room and kitchen, 3 bedrooms, 2 have closets and one has under bed storage. There is a washer and dryer ($1.00 for coin op washer ) a 12x12 deck with territorial views  we don't believe in cheap sheets or polyester, 100% cotton here, comfy pillows, and quality bedding. There is off street parking it's in the process of modification upgrade , there is a deck off the back, access from the front door. I reThis is cozy 1 bedroom suite near Seattle downtown, Seattle University and Swedish Medical Center.  Free wifi+parking!  Why share with someone or live in studio hotel room when you can have the entire apt by yourself? Late night/mid night check in OK The bedroom suite includes 1 bedroom, 1 living room, 1 full kitchen, and 1 bath.  Washer and dryer in unit!  You will feel that you are at a resort near downtown Seattle. 5 minutes walking to Seattle University or Swedish Medical Center at First Hill. Guaranteed! 15 minutes to Pike Place Market by bus or bike.  The bedroom has one queen size elegant bed. We also provide HBO GO for free!!  Truly High-speed Wifi (55Mbps download speed) Each guest will have two clean towels, one bottle water, one set of toothbrush and toothpaste when checking in.  Shampoo, conditioner, and bodywash are available.  Detergents are available too.  The sheets are completely washed and cleaned before each guest checks in. After you book, please send me your email This full 1 bedroom apartment is situated perfectly in First Hill making it walking distance to the bustle of Capitol Hill, International District, and Downtown but far enough to retreat when you're ready to relax at home in comfort and style.A cozy and sunny studio. The sleeping nook is separated from the living room by curtains, and the unique galley kitchen can be accessed through beautiful french doors.  These features make a fairly small space feel like a true one bedroom apartment. This intimate space with vintage and mid century modern inspired decor is well suited for those looking to explore the city or just relax in style. Super sunny during the day--all windows have blinds for privacy. The open floor plan is well suited to having guests over for drinks or dinner.  The kitchen is small but all appliances work great.  There is also a table for guests to enjoy their meals at. Guests have access to anything in the cabinets such as a food pro, blender and rice cooker. All of the apartment is available to you- as is coffee, tea and any books you want to borrow during your stay.  Clean linens and towels are provided.  There is coin-op laundry in the basement as well. I am happy to give suggestions to guests and help theFantastic location with parking included! Walk to all major Seattle attractions or walk two blocks and take a bus.  Restaurants, bars, sports stadiums (go Hawks!), are an easy walk from this modern home in the city.  Just bring your clothes! This is new construction in a wonderful old neighborhood. Very close to Seattle University as well as the three major hospitals of Seattle. You can walk to the night clubs and bars of Capitol Hill, the wonderful dining of the International District, or to the sports stadiums to see a game. This place is truly in the center of town. There is a fenced backyard and a small deck to enjoy. The furnishings are new and ample. The kitchen is stocked. Come, relax, and enjoy Seattle! Search criteria: Parking included, Pets welcome, Dogs, Cats, Seattle, Capitol Hill, First Hill, Walkscore, Transit, Walking, International District, 3, 4, 13, 43, Amazon, SLU, Seahawks, Sounders, Mariners, International District, Downtown, Swedish, Virginia Mason, Safeco, CenturCentrally located in trendy Capitol Hill only 1.5 miles from Pike Place Market and the Stadium District and only 2 miles from the Space Needle, guests will have no problem exploring Seattle during the daytime while being only blocks away from some of Seattle's most vibrant nightlife. This apartment is considered "open concept" so, in the interest of full disclosure, it is listed as a shared space. However, guests will have access to a full sized bed and room which can be closed off from the rest of the apartment. I am a law student at Seattle University with a busy schedule so, depending on the day, you may see me a lot or you may not see me at all. That being said, I love meeting new people! So don't be afraid to have a friendly conversation with me if I am around. Capitol Hill is one of Seattle's trendiest neighborhoods boasting a vibrant nightlife and countless unique restaurants for the foodies. Seattle is a very pedestrian friendly city, but for those interested in other means of Located on a quiet street. Really comfortable queen sized bed and some amenities for you! Enjoy roof access, a big patio, and easy access to Downtown, Caphil, and Chinatown! Washer and Dryer in unit! I'm a college student, friendly, love to watch movies and cook :) I have a big patio and it's great when it's sunny dayOur beautiful and very spacious one bedroom apt in the 'First Hill' neighborhood of Seattle has everything you need! We are a 10-15 minute walk from downtown, Capitol Hill and S. Lake Union and we are Located across the st. from many major bus lines! Spacious, well-lit, one-bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment in colorful neighborhood. We have a large living room, moderate sized kitchen and separate dining room. The bedroom is quite large as well. We've done a little redecorating since the photos were taken (bigger/nicer couch in the living room, moved some small furniture around, etc...nothing major). You'll have access to a fully stocked kitchen (pots, pans, dishes, silverware, fridge, spices, pantry food, etc.) and bathroom. You can also wear anything in Leslie's closet (Please return what you borrow!) Mike's closet will be locked, so bring your own pants, boys! We live in the apartment full time, so the calendar has been a little tricky to manage.   Going forward, the space will be listedOur furnished apartment and bedroom located between First Hill/ Capitol Hill and International District.  3 blocks away from local transportation (Buses) and Seattle University. Cozy and 15 minutes from Downtown Seattle. What are you waiting for ? We are located between First Hill/Capitol Hill and International District.  Our apartment is a 2-bedroom apartment, so you will be staying at one of our room with your own bathroom. *Our bedrooms don't have locks on it, so if you are bringing anything valuable, please make sure to bring locks and keep everything secured, we are trying to build a safety box inside each room for you :) Feel free to use our kitchen and living room area, make yourself at home while you are staying with us. We have Wifi access through the entire apartment. VB and I will be available at all times, just give us a call or text us. We are fast "texters" so texting will be the easiest way to reach us :) We located at the Seattle University area, so everything is secureMy one bedroom apartment is comfy, clean, and conveniently located only minutes from downtown Seattle. I am travelling a lot for work and so renting my space while I am away. Thanks for checking out my apartment!It's a beautifully furnished apartment with stunning view of Mount Rainier and 360° Seattle views from the rooftop. Surrounded by eateries, coffee houses, amazing restaurants, and nightlife. Walking score of 95 will get you anywhere quickly. Stunning, fully furnished, spacious private bedroom and ensuite bathroom. This is a new apartment offers a new level of luxury and a high standard of stylish living with beautiful furniture and appliances, complemented with a collection of art and premium finishing.  This home is appropriate for professionals, students or visitors looking for a beautifully furnished luxurious apartment with lots of living space and light in one of the most convenient location in Seattle. In your room : Double size bed (include mattress, fresh bed sheet, blanket, pillows) Features: Private Deluxe bathroom for yourself, heater, wifi, BIR wardrobe, chair, glass window. PROPERTY FEATURES: -Flowing interiors throughout featuring spacious open plan living -Common living Our furnished apartment and bedroom located between First Hill/ Capitol Hill and International District.  3 blocks away from local transportation (Buses) and Seattle University. Cozy and 15 minutes from Downtown Seattle. What are you waiting for ? We are located between First Hill/Capitol Hill and International District.  Our apartment is a 2-bedroom apartment, so you will be staying at one of our room with your own bathroom.We are located between First Hill/Capitol Hill and International District. Our apartment is a 2-bedroom apartment, so you will be staying at one of our room with your own bathroom. The door is lockable with keys, if you lose the keys it will be 30$ to replace it. Feel free to use our kitchen and living room area, make yourself at home while you are staying with us. We have Wifi access through the entire apartment. VB and me will be available at all times, just give us a call or text us. We located at the Seattle University area, so everything is secured, and friendThis cozy room is all about the location. Restaurants around the corner. Nightlife at your fingertips. The full sized bed is very comfortable. Could be small for people used to queen or bigger. Garage parking by request, and not always available.Newly renovated 1 bedroom. Walking Distance to everything: Light Rail, Stadiums, International District, Pike Market, and Capital Hill! I live here, but I'm gone so often that I can't enjoy it as much as I should. Everything is kept super clean. It's a nice remodeled one bedroom apartment with high ceilings. There is a full kitchen with brand new appliances. The bedroom itself is large with a king sized bed. The living room has a large bean bag chair and a TV and Roku attached(Netflix, Amazon Prime, WatchESPN). There is an air mattress available if required (This is the second bed). Also, while there is no air conditioning, I do have a standing fan that does a pretty good job. I will not be in the apartment, but I will make sure to be accessible via text or phone call. Don't hesitate to ask  me if you need anything! In the middle of everything. Walking distance to the stadiums, the International District, Pike Market, and Capitol Hill. Very close to the light rail station which goes stBrand new kitchen with all new appliances. nice one bedroom, couch and air mattress. Bike you can use, and guides on adventures around the city. Walking distance downtown pioneer square international district and safeco and citifields. Beautiful new apartment with high cielings and a large kitchen. Breakfast bar and coffee table for meals. One real bed and one air mattress.Welcome to our spacious top floor loft located in urban Pioneer Sq. Views from the doors and windows opening all along the apartment onto the wrap around deck sit above the viaduct with sweeping views of the Puget Sound, and Olympic mountains. This open loft space, with sweeping views of the sound and beautiful wrap around deck is perfect for photoshoots, cocktail parties, small dinner parties and hanging out in style. There is a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, amazon fire tv, and ipod hook up for stereo system. RATES SHOWN ON THIS PAGE ARE STRICTLY STANDARD USAGE.. BIG OR SMALL GATHERINGS/PARTIES ARE SUBJECT TO AN ADDITIONAL EVENT FEE. PLEASE INQUIRE FOR PRICING FOR SPECIAL EVENTS, PHOTO & VIDEO SHOOTS IN THE LOFT. GUESTS HAVING A PARTY MUST SIGNED RENTAL AGREEMENT SEPARATE FROM AIRBNB. Front door access with security code, elevator to the seventh floor with handicapped access available. Free street parking is available after 6PM. Tamara will be onsite to check you. One of us will aMy apartment is a one bedroom with a full kitchen and bathroom. There is a washer and a dryer in the unit as well that can be used. The sleeping space is an air mattress in the living room with a 46" flat screen  tv.- Seahawks Fans, this place is perfect for you - Mid-century Modern Decor - Spiral Staircase - Vaulted Ceiling + Skylight - Wood-flooring - Full Kitchen - Roof Deck with Seating - Huge windows with view of the harbor. (Currently a view of building construction, sadly!) - Walking distance to: Safeco, Centurylink, Pike Place, and waterfront. Pioneer Square is a quirky, historic district with a thriving arts, culture, culinary, and music scene. Many world class eateries and bars (including the oldest saloon in the city) are mere steps away. The neighborhood is also host to the Seattle sports teams and their fans from far and wide.Fabulous artist Loft. 780 sq.ft., brick walls, wood floors,  14' ceiling, fully stocked kitchen. Light filled unit located in the State Hotel Building . Built  1889 in Pioneer  Square, Seattle' s oldest neighborhood. Huge arched window on First Ave. 780 square foot open loft with 14 foot ceiling, wood floors and brick walls.  Dramatic arched  window fills the west wall and  opens onto First Avenue. Guest has full apartment to themselves Available 24 hour cell service. In the heart of historic Pioneer Square,  full of night clubs, shops,  restaurants, museums, art galleries and parks all within a couple  of blocks. City bus and train within a few blocks. No need for a car,  as everything is within walking distance. Parking garages and lots nearby for off street parking. Easy light rail to/from the airport ( Pioneer Square stop is 5 minute walk to the building) Loft is located one floor walk up. ( no elevator ) Located in Historic ( built in 1889) building with 7 Lofts. Urban noise and hDowntown, cute, cozy studio with views of water: 8 minute walk from Pike Place Market, a block away from airport link train, and minutes from direct buses to any Seatown neighborhood. Top-notch galleries, grub and cocktails just around the corner. This apartment is right at the heart of downtown Seattle, just around the corner from all major public transit (bus-lines, AirLink, Bainbridge Island ferry), and a few blocks away from the Seattle waterfront promenade. Aside from handing off the keys, the apartment will be entirely yours. I am available throughout your stay by text, phone and email to answer any questions you might have, as well as to offer suggestions of what to enjoy around the neighborhood and city! The Pioneer Square area of downtown Seattle boasts some of the city's oldest architecture and most up-and-coming restaurants. Whether you're popping into town to cheer your heart out at the nearby stadium, or hoping for a home-base to explore the sights on public transit or ferHistoric one bedroom apartment with exposed brick sleeps two. You are within walking distance of the stadiums, Pike Place Market, waterfront and ferries. It has a full kitchen and washer and dryer. Aero bed can sleep two more people. My historic one bedroom apartment with exposed brick is comfortable and well located. You are within walking distance of the stadiums, Pike Place Market, waterfront and ferries. It has a full kitchen and washer and dryer. Truly a home away from home. Enjoy the privacy of your own one bedroom apartment in the heart of Historic Seattle. No Elevator. Rooms only accesible via Staircase. Service will be available at check in. On site assistance is available from 11 am to 10pm.  Experience where Seattle was founded. Explore the historic district full of boutique shops, breweries, restaurants and history. Enjoy the sights and sounds of the Waterfront and the Pike Place Market, all within walking distance. Seattle has an amazing transportation system. Take the Linenjoy this 1400sqft loft in downtown Seattle- take the rare chance of renting out an amazing designer loft in the heart of downtown/pioneer square. If you are going to a Mariners, Sounders, Seahawks - be prepared for the best location in town. This is right across from the stadium steps with amazing views of the Puget Sound in a neighborhood that is known for beautiful architecture, great restaurants, cafes, and art galleries. Close to everything including the waterfront and the Pike Place Market which are down the street! No car is necessary as the bus tunnel, light rail station and waterfront streetcar are all within 4 blocks. This loft has a bedroom with a Queen bed and an Aero Bed that can we can set outside of the "curtain" in its own space.Just a few blocks away from Pike's place market, this sophisticated 2 bed apt has splendid views of mount raineer and the city from it's living room. With a 99 walkscore, it is close to most restaurants and bars It is an extremely comfortable and spacious apartment (1000+ SF). The master bedroom alone is larger than many studio apartments we've seen in NYC! In terms of dining, it is located close to several highly rated yelp restaurants including: Japonessa, Matt's in the Market, Etta's, Serious Pie, Elliot's Oyster house, Met Grill (amazing steak house), Purple Cafe, RN74 and many others.  If you like speakeasy cocktails, bathtub gin, which makes some of the best ones in town is close by. Other bars within 3-5 blocks are kells (popular irish pub in post alley), Foundation Lounge(Techno/House), Amber(Varies), Tia Lou's(Hip-hop), Crocodile (live music), Seesound lounge (Salsa on Sunday nights) and others.  If you like speakeasy cocktails, bathtub gin, which makes some of the best ones iStay in the heart of downtown Seattle in the historic neighborhood of Pioneer Square.  This fully equipped studio apartment has stunning city and waterfront views 7 stories up and comfortably sleeps 2.  Walk to great restaurants, shopping, and bars! Stay in the heart of downtown Seattle in the historic neighborhood of Pioneer Square!  This fully equipped studio apartment has stunning city and waterfront views 7 stories up and comfortably sleeps 2.  Walk to great restaurants, coffee shops, parks, shopping, and bars!  Everything your little heart may desire is within arms reach of this homey historic studio apartment.   You will have access to the majority of what is shown in the photos.  You may use the top drawer of the dresser for clothing and other items.  There is wireless internet and central heat if needed.  The TV does not have cable however has hook-ups for common HDMI or component/AV if you'd like to hook up your device to it.  The portable air conditioner shown in the photos iOur historic home was built in 1890. It is one of the smallest condo buildings in Downtown Seattle.  It features a private bedroom, shared bathroom with access to our kitchen, laundry and rooftop overlooking 1st Ave South in Pioneer Square. Our condo is 125 years old and features original exposed brick walls and double hung windows. Our unit faces West overlooking 1st Ave S in Historic Pioneer square.  Your private bedroom is cozy and inviting. It features a twin size daybed which converts to queen if needed. A full size dresser and closet are also available. Natural daylight warms the space from the light well. In addition to your private bedroom, you'll have access to our brand-new kitchen, shared bathroom, living room, and community rooftop area with BBQ and lounge furniture. My girlfriend and I travel for work, hence, our schedules vary from week to week.  We are very friendly and love getting to know new people.  If we're home, we can offer information about nearby events, restaurAn amazing 1 Bedroom apartment with a breathtaking view of the ocean and Seattle In the heart of Downtown Seattle. Very cozy and warm apartment.Studio Apartment downtown, within walking distance of stadiums, waterfront, Pike Place Market and museums. Apartment is fully firnished, has a full kitchen and washer dryer. Sleeps two. Studio Apartment downtown, within walking distance of stadiums, waterfront, Pike Place Market and museums. Apartment is fully firnished, has a full kitchen and washer dryer. Enjoy the privacy of your own studio apartment in the heart of Historic Seattle. No Elevator. Rooms only accesible via Staircase. Service will be available at check in. On site assistance is available from 11 am to 10pm.  Experience where Seattle was founded. Explore the historic district full of boutique shops, breweries, restaurants and history. Enjoy the sights and sounds of the Waterfront and the Pike Place Market, all within walking distance. Seattle has an amazing transportation system. Take the Link Light Rail from the Airport for a convenient, inexpensive ride to the apartment; only 2 blocks from the Pioneer Square Link LighPike Place Market, the stadiums, the pier, shopping, the light rail, the ferry, the West Seattle water taxi, all within 8 blocks.  Come stay in a 1,200 square foot loft in a building that is 114 years old. Great bars and food abound A beautiful loft with soaring brick walls and a full kitchen. Washer/dryer, hair dryer, bar soap, ironing board and iron, towels, full kitchen, coffee/tea, and a nice cot bed. Me, my girlfriend Johanna, and our cat named Noon will be sharing the space with you during your stay. Pioneer Square is a very inspirational and vibrant neighborhood. It is the oldest neighborhood in Seattle, and is recognized and protected in the National Historic Register. I hope you have an appreciation for craft cocktails. There are missions that assist the homeless and consequentially there is a large homeless population. You can walk anywhere in Seattle during the day safely, but at night I advise to be more aware of your surroundings. At night, try to avoid 2nd avenue south ofBest View on the ocean and the city center from your apartment! Enjoy the urban lifestyle  just from your building rooftop! Downtown Seattle Experience! The whole city and ocean fantasy from your apartment window:) Perfectly located on the border of downtown, the Post building is near Pioneer Square and Century Link Stadium. Also conveniently close by is Grand Central Bakery, a great stop for delicious, fresh baked goods. Easy, fast and organized!  Always, available any time, feel free to write and ask any questions. I love my guests and am always friendly with them.  The very central location, access to shopping, entertainment, nightlife and all!! Located in the heart of Seattle, the Seattle Dawn is a spacious one bedroom one bathroom apartment.   This apartment boasts concrete ceilings, exposed ductwork and plank flooring. It has a kitchen fully equipped with plates, glasses and cuttlery. Residential building in a hotel style:)Small studio in the Zindorf apartment building, close to downtown and Cap Hill and in a quiet community. Full kitchen thats great for meals, breakfast bar with stools, open living space and full bathroom. Comfortably sleeps two. The studio is my home during most of the year, but I am happy to share it with you while I am out of town. It has high ceilings, stays warm, has a lot of natural light and a large kitchen and bathroom. If you have any issues please let me know immediately so I can get in a work order for you, if you have any questions about where things are please feel free to ask! First Hill is the quiet place between Cap Hill and downtown. Its a 10 minute walk to pioneer square and a 20 minute walk to pike place market. I personally enjoy the Quarter Lounger which is in First Hill, its a little divey looking but the people are really nice and there are pool tables. The 3, 4, 60, and 303 buses can all be caught within a blocks walk from the apartment.2 day minimum on weekends.  Our "loft" is quite unique and feels as if it is a secret place!  It is located upstairs from the family business in a space all its own. We are literally across the street from Century Link Field [Seahawks & Sounders], WAMU Theater, and a half  block from Safeco Field [Mariners]. We are hidden among many restaurants, coffee houses and night clubs by Pioneer Square and the busy city, all sitting above the family business. The loft is a fantastic space for entertaining, whether it's for a birthday, a wedding or baby shower, a bachelor or bachelorette party or a good ole` tailgate party for your favorite team! You wont be disappointed. The "loft" is set up like the "secret poker game rooms", we have a really cool vintage poker table, a 1950's pool table, a cork dart board and a big flat screen TV w/dvd & lots of movies to choose from. There is a leather sectional, that people like to sleep on too! We have a hide-a-bed and a queen size futon bed. The bathroom iBetween Pike Place Market & Pioneer Square, & a block away from the Waterfront, this home provides perfect proximity for exploration of Seattle best sites. After a long day, enjoy your apartment with full kitchen & amenities, for a cozy Seattle stay. Fully furnished one bedroom, one full bath, 600 square feet unit with hardwood floors and city view. Features full kitchen with new appliances (dishwasher, microwave, refrigerator/freezer), washer/dryer, AC, cable TV and WiFi access. Parking is included. Guests will have access to all the amenities of the building.  Which includes: 24 hour gym, amazing rooftop deck, theatre, and game rooms. I would love to meet you and help you get settled in your temporary home and answer any questions you might have.  Perfect for walking anywhere in the downtown Seattle. Only a 1 minute walk to the Seattle waterfront, 2 minute walk to Pioneer Square, 5 minute walk to the Seattle Art Museum (SAM), 7 minute walk to Seattle's famous Pike Place Market, 10 miSituated in the heart of Downtown Seattle, & a block away from the Waterfront, this home provides perfect proximity for exploration of all that Seattle has to offer. After an eventful day, enjoy your apartment with full amenities, for a cozy stay.This comfortable one bedroom apartment with exposed brick is located in the heart of the city. Walking distance to stadiums, Pike Place Market, art galleries, and waterfront. The apartment has a full kitchen along with a washer and dryer. Sleeps two. One bedroom Apartment in Pioneer Square, Downtown Seattle, within walking distance of stadiums, waterfront, Pike Place Market and museums. Apartment is fully furnished, has a kitchen and washer dryer. Enjoy the privacy of your own one bedroom  apartment in the heart of Historic Seattle. No Elevator. Rooms only accesible via Staircase. Service will be available at check in. On site assistance is available from 11 am to 10pm.  Experience where Seattle was founded. Explore the historic district full of boutique shops, breweries, restaurants and history. Enjoy the sights and sounds of the Waterfront and the Pike Place Market, all within walking distance. Seattle has an amazing transportation system. Take the Link Light Rail from the Airport foHistoric one bedroom apartment with exposed brick, full kitchen along with a washer and dryer. Walking distance to stadium, waterfront, Pike Place Market and museums. Sleeps 4 with day bed. One bedroom Apartment in Pioneer Square, Downtown Seattle, within walking distance of stadiums, waterfront, Pike Place Market and museums. Apartment is fully furnished, has a kitchen and washer dryer. Enjoy the privacy of your own one bedroom apartment in the heart of Historic Seattle. No Elevator. Rooms only accesible via Staircase. Service will be available at check in. On site assistance is available from 11 am to 10pm. Experience where Seattle was founded. Explore the historic district full of boutique shops, breweries, restaurants and history. Enjoy the sights and sounds of the Waterfront and the Pike Place Market, all within walking distance. Seattle has an amazing transportation system. Take the Link Light Rail from the Airport for a convenient, inexpensive ride to the apartment; only 2 blockWith 16 ft ceilings and dramatic design, our loft space is truly a unique.With 1700 sq ft open space it sleeps up to 4 and is true stylish urban living. Nearly all of the furntiure is designed and built by us and we hope you enjoy! Our loft is gem in an urban setting. Featured in magazines and design blogs we are excited to share it with you. The large open floor plan is perfect for photo shoots, parties, dinner parties and hanging out in style(URL HIDDEN)There is a fully equipped kitchen, cable TV, wifi and 2 lofted areas which include a private dressing room and one full size daybed. RATES SHOWN ON THIS PAGE ARE STRICTLY FOR STANDARD USAGE.. BIG OR SMALL GATHERINGS/PARTIES ARE SUBJECT TO AN ADDITIONAL EVENT FEE. PLEASE INQUIRE FOR PRICING FOR SPECIAL EVENTS, PHOTO & VIDEO SHOOTS IN THE LOFT. GUESTS HAVING A PARTY MUST SIGNED RENTAL AGREEMENT SEPARATE FROM AIRBNB. Front door access with security code, elevator to the third floor with handicapped access available. Free street parking iPrivate room / semi-private bath in new townhouse close to downtown (25 min) and walking distance to shopping, restaurants, and night life.  Walk over to beautiful Lincoln park or take a nice jog along the beach (Alki Beach). Fully furnished bedroom with heated radiant floors and semi-exclusive use of a full bath.   Share our living room, watch TV or surf the high speed internet (Wi-Fi).  Use the kitchen and dining area or grab a cup of coffee or tea. Guests can use the common areas and enjoy coffee and/or tea.  I have a BBQ on the back patio for use as well As much as the guests would or wouldn't like Morgan Junction is walking distance to everything including shopping, restaurants, brew pubs, and coffee houses.  A longer walk brings you to the nightlife of Alaska Junction (leave the car at home). AIRPORT / FROM Option 1:  Taxi ($45.00+) Option 2:  Bus Route 560 ($2.75) - Route 560 and get off at the Barton stop by 26th Ave SW then transfer to Rapid Ride C line ($2.50).  Get off at MoOur home in a quiet neighborhood has a private guest room with a view of Puget Sound and the snow-capped Olympic Mountains. The room is over 300 square feet plus a full bathroom and a large closet/storage area. There is off-street parking.  Guest room:  more than 300 square feet, furnished in a traditional style with antiques and collectibles. Queen-size bed. Private bathroom.  The room has a TV, WiFi, mini-fridge, microwave,  coffee maker, and toaster.  Private entrance. Off-street parking.  Explore/relax/read in our gardens.  We will check in our guests, be available during their stay and assist with information about restaurants, activities and transportation information, etc. We are in a quiet residential area, 20 minutes from downtown and also 20 minutes from Seatac airport. Nearby: coffee shops, Lincoln Park and beach, restaurants, taverns, the Vashon Island ferry terminal, the West Seattle water taxi to downtown, and a gourmet market.. Within a 10 minute walk there are buses to We have a lovely, modern home in West Seattle by Lincoln Park.  A spacious room with comfortable queen bed and high-quality bedding. We look forward to sharing our home and neighborhood with you for a night or a week. We love to have guests, but we know you need privacy. Come stay with us. A full bathroom for our guests (potentially shared with our other guest room). There is a full kitchen with gas range. Feel free to cook your own meals.  We can offer you as much privacy as you wish...or you can join us for coffee/drinks and conversation. The Thriftway grocery store is 1.5 miles away, as is, a Starbucks and other great West Seattle restaurants and bars.  Lincoln Park is the secret gem of West Seattle. Acres of green space, quiet area, playfields, play grounds, picnic tables. A seven minute walk to the water's edge...you can see the ferries coming in and throw stones in the Puget Sound. An easy two mile walking/jogging loop from our front door takes you around the park and through theCome explore Seattle's only beach community, Alki beach in West Seattle.  We offer a comfortable, private room in a charming, walk-able neighborhood.  Two blocks to Starbucks, 10min walk to park & convenient to downtown via water taxi, car or bus.  Single bedroom in West Seattle newlywed home. Queen size luxury bed, large closet, your own bathroom, cable, fastest wifi available. Twelve minute drive from downtown, twenty minutes on the bus that picks you up a block away. Our family friendly home is nestled just outside Seattle's city center, in idyllic West Seattle. Part of Seattle proper, West Seattle is home to quiet views of the Sound, a quaint main street (Alaska Junction) and a quick hop over to downtown Seattle Our family friendly home is nestled just outside Seattle's city center, in idyllic West Seattle. Part of Seattle proper, West Seattle is home to quiet views of the Sound, a quaint main street (Alaska Junction) and a quick hop over to downtown Seattle.  The house is located on a quiet street with views of the sound, and 15-minute walk down to Lincoln Park (with stunning views of the Sound—one of our favorite places to go!).  The house is recently remodeled and has 4 bedrooms and 1 bath. The master bedroom has one queen size bed with French doors that open to the backyard, room 1 has a queen size pull-out bed, room 2 has a kids bunk bed, and the nursery a crib if you have a little one; sleeping 6 and a baby comfortably. All rooms have black Our 50's era 2 BR/ 2BA townhouse is 4 blocks from Morgan Junction, and crazy close to rapid ride.  Enjoy the hot tub and tiki bar in the back yard, and all that West Seattle has to offer.  We are dog friendly and even have a pet door for your pooch. Our townhome is a quality remodel in a 1950's building.  It is quiet and feels very spacious with bedrooms upstairs.   The sleeping arrangements are a king bed in BR #1, a queen and a fold out double sofa in BR #2.  There is also a sleeping pad for the floor and bedding for all. ( Please gauge for yourselves if a fold out "double sofa" counts as a "3rd bed." )  Air Bnb doesn't give a lot of room to "qualify" these things. The hot tub is a smaller tub.  Quite lovely for two people but a bit small for a bigger group. Easy walk to Starbucks, Thriftway, restaurants and parks.   The place is yours.  We will leave you the key and be available, by phone, during your stay to answer any questions that might arise.  Will be in touch before your stay Nestled in a lush garden with outdoor patio space and seating, this cozy studio boasts fine art photography, vintage cameras, and photo art books . Comfy bed, crisp sheets, and luxury shampoo and conditioner provided. In addition to the large studio, you are welcome to lounge in our garden and use the grill and fire pit. We have plenty of wood. The whole studio is yours and you have a separate entrance on the side of the house. We are happy to answer questions or help out. We live on a quiet block lined with trees and mid-century homes with a view of Puget Sound. We are just a few blocks from the Thistle Street stairs that take you right to Lincoln Park's woods, playgrounds, fields, beach and the Vashon Island Ferry Dock. We are just a block from the bus that takes you down to California Avenue's shops, restaurants and theaters. Or you can switch to the C to Downtown Seattle, which is a very quick and easy ride. Or, if you like a walk, you can simply stroll to the C bus to Downtown andView/deck in W. Seattle-sunsets, mtns, ferries, 2 blks to shops/buses, 15 min to airprt & dwntwn.  'L' shaped room closet/desk, King-size memory foam AND Queen airbd, 2 bthrms, upstrs in 4 bdrm home, wi-fi, lndry, prkg, ktchn, piano, grdn, podcasts. You can use this as one person or sleep up to five, with 3 on the King Sized Memory Foam and 2 on the blow up queen sized bed with sheets/pillows/towels etc., too.  Check in is after 3pm, check out is 11am, both are negotiable.  View is breath taking. Cross streets are Morgan and Graham and we are in the middle of the block, it is best to enter in the alley way as there are many stairs up to the front door and only two down from the alley entrance.  Your key works on both the front and back doors and Thank You for locking both top and bottom locks and for keeping the doors locked.  There is laundry downstairs, parking in the carport in the alley, if needed, in front of the garage.  The upstairs bathroom is shared with the two male tenants wPrivate room / shared bath in new townhouse close to down town (25 minutes) and walking distance to shopping, restaurants, and nightlife. Walk over to beautiful Lincoln Park or take a nice jog along the beach (Alki). Furnished bedroom (full size wall bed) with heated radiant floors and use of shared full bath.  Share our living room, watch TV or surf the high-speed Internet (Wi-Fi). Use the kitchen and the dining area or grab a cup of coffee or tea. Guests can use the common areas and enjoy coffee and or tea. I have a barbecue on the back patio for use as well. As much as the guest would or wouldn't like. Morgan junction is walking distance to everything including shopping, restaurants, brewpubs and coffee houses. A longer walk brings you to the nightlife of Alaska Junction (leave the car at home). AIRPORT / FROM Option 1:  Taxi ($45.00+) Option 2:  Bus Route 560 ($2.50) - Route 560 and get off at the Barton stop by 26th Ave SW then transfer to Rapid Ride C line ($2.75).  Get off at MoPrivate master bedroom with full bath (2nd full bath downstairs) in a townhouse a quarter mile from the water.  Right next to Lincoln Park (Seattle's finest park).  Shared Kitchen.  Direct bus to downtown.  Alki Beach shopping, and ferry close by. It's a master bedroom with a Queen pillow top mattress and 2 full baths available.  Lots of closet space.  I have more furniture being delivered in the next month.  There is a lock on the door and access to washer / dryer right outside of the room.   There is a yard with a patio area and a table.  I have towels and toieltries so no need to worry about that stuff. Room, washer / dryer, kitchen, living room, yard.  The kitchen has lots of appliances: microwave, gas oven and stovetop, toaster oven, food processor, blender, tea kettle, slow cooker, George Foreman grill.  There is room in the fridge / freezer and extra cabinet space.  I have some exercise equipment like a mat, exercise ball, a couple of dumbbells, foam roller, and elastic bands thCharming brick home boasts large windows and deck with Puget Sound views. Chef's kitchen for your convenience. In Seattle's best neighborhood, West Seattle, with great shopping and dining. Walk to coffee & grocery store. Easy ride downtown. Please note: You have full access to the entire main house (two bedroom and full amenities)  but there may be other airbnb guests occupying the basement unit during your stay. We rent out the basement as an independent listing on airbnb! The Space There are separate entrances and the spaces are not shared nor are there any communal areas so you can still enjoy your privacy! We just ask you be courteous and aware of other guests in a nearby space :) Our charming house makes for a super-relaxing getaway in the city. The big picture windows frame a terrific, wide view of the Puget Sound from the well-appointed kitchen, living room, and upstairs master suite. Or, get out and enjoy the nice view from the new, large deck. At 1600 square feet, with two bedViews of Puget Sound - 1 bedroom condo updated 6 years ago with granite counter tops and wood floors. Full kitchen - full bathroom - laundry - living room with fireplace, wireless router.Beautiful completely remodeled one level 1960's ranch home in West Seattle. Minutes to the beach and to downtown Seattle. Mad Men style updated and comfortable! A place to entertain and relax in style for the summer.  West Seattle is the most amazing neighborhood in Seattle. You are minutes to Alki beach, ferries to Vashon, and downtown Seattle. Pop over the bridge to see a Mariners game or visit the Space Needle.  Home is completely stocked with everything you need for your vacation stay in Seattle. BBQ in the backyard and enjoy the late nights in Seattle.  You will have everything you need to cook up fresh seafood, or choose to BBQ. All linens and full laundry with no stairs or smelly basement.  2012 Hyundai Santa Fe is an additional option to rent for touring around the town.  As a professor I travel with my son during the times we rent out our home. You will have great neighbors to greet you!! New to Airbnb, have more experience so no reviews yet- be the first!Listed and have revieWake up & walk into Lincoln park, enjoy the sunset over the Olympics, rest your head in this amazing home on a dead end road. Stunning master & an adorable nursery for baby. Perfect house to explore Seattle but feel miles away from the busy city. This house is a gem - it sits on the end of a private dead end road that lands on the north end of Lincoln park - one of the best parks for walking/jogging trails, views of the Olympics, swimming and wading pool, and fishing. The house is a two bedroom house but one room belongs to Langston our 10 month old son so it would only sleep a small travel companion. The master bed has a queen bed and room for a blow up mattress (provided) if you have young children. The whole house is available. There is front and backyard (with BBQ) open for you to use. There are also two road bikes in the garage that you can use to cruise the area. We are finishing an addition on the back of the house and the basement, but the original house in uninterrupted by theSpacious studio in a beautiful area of West Seattle! Mountain and water views abound in our well-kept neighborhood. We are family friendly with all the essential baby gear. We also run a home brewery and are happy to do beer tastings.  Your private studio is a daylight basement apartment, and comes with a full kitchen and bathroom; a new, queen-size memory foam mattress and a full-sized sofa bed; access to a shared washer and dryer; your own off-street parking; TV and blue ray player with netflix; (HDMI/VGA inputs); and upstairs, live-in owners who are happy to answer any questions you may have. Children two and under stay free in this family friendly accommodation, and we have lots of baby gear for loan: pack and play, stroller, baby swing, and more.  The apartment stays nice and cool in summer, and can be heated by the electric heat system in winter. (The fireplace pictured is not safe for use. Sorry!) Wireless internet provided.  Planning a SPECIAL GETAWAY with your sweetie? Let us Lovely bedroom setup with a  full bathroom.  Includes your very own private Jacuzzi room with a  four person jetted Jacuzzi.  Also comes with a private decked backyard and fire pit. Super private room and private Jacuzzi room to enjoy.  Private back yard surrounded by trees. You will have access to the backyard including chairs and a BBQ. We are around for questions but respect your privacy. There is a bus stop across the street that goes to downtown.Lots of light in this large private room with queen size bed with deck & sky light, private 1/2 bath. Access to kitchen, washer/dryer. Located in Gatewood area of West Seattle. Bus stop 3 blocks away.  Gay friendly. No smoking. Quiet neighborhood location on highest point in West Seattle. Walk to Lincoln Park. Access to deck, private bath, kitchen, free on street parking. 2 blocks to bus stop. We take the dog to work with us to work and aren't around much. Our bedroom is on the lower level so this room is very private. We're just a few blocks from Morgan Junction in West Seattle so it's easy access to our favorite watering hole, Beverage Place. Lots of cool local shops and restaurants nearby while being just far enough that you get the quiet neighborhood feel as well. Bus stop within 2 blocks. Airport is 15 min away. There is a dog and cat in the house. The dog is a labradoodle and hypoallergenic. The cat seldom goes into the guest room and the upstairs is all wood floors. We have seveRustic waterfront mid-century house in West Seattle. Walk to the waterfront saltwater beach, collect shells, dig clams. Have a fire, enjoy the sunset, stroll the private lane, fish from the bulkhead. This rustic Puget Sound waterfront 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom home is an original mid-century modern beach house in an amazing location. Step out on the patio to enjoy while soaking in the sweeping waterfront views. A few steps down from the patio and you're at the water - this home is literally waterfront! The yard and patio are completely furnished with chairs and tables, so its easy to relax with friends or family, and even enjoy a meal outside (Patio closes at 10pm). Huge windows in the living room and dining room let in both the view and the natural light.  Note: Due to neighbor concerns, no fires or smoking on the patio.  Patio closes at 10pm and is for paying guests only.   Take a stroll on the beach every day, or 5 times a day if you want to! Grab a line and spend an afternoon fishing fOne bedroom with private bath and separate bonus office/entertainment room that can be converted into a second bedroom ($20/nt only if needing to be used as a bedroom) if your party needs an extra bed.  Bright house with incredible view. This home is located right off of California Ave. centered right in the heart of West Seattle.  We offer one room and private bathroom with entertainment/living space or we can convert the living space into a separate bedroom if a guest requires separate bedrooms for an additional $20 per night.  Less than one mile from the Alaska Junction.  Excellent restaurant selection and local bars just a few blocks away as well as a very convenient grocery store.  The bus line is right off of our street and will take you right to downtown Seattle in minutes.  Or if you enjoy a nice long stroll, Lincoln Park is just a few blocks away with beach access.  We also have a child's pack n' play so if you are traveling with an infant/toddler, they will have the safety anComfortable home on residential street yet steps from all urban amenities, including bus, bars and gourmet grocery store. 3 BR comfortably sleeps 5, additional aero bed if needed. Linens, all kitchen essentials and laundry on-site. Minutes to Downtown Seattle, Sea-Tac Airport, Vashon Ferry & Lincoln Park 3 Bedrooms, 1 bath home has everything you need for a delightful holiday. Inside is warm & cozy with hardwood floors, dining area for gathering and good-sized, fully equipped kitchen. Outside is a fenced yard for your furry friends, BBQ and patio.  We have an extra Aero bed for additional guests as well as a pack 'n' play for babies and toddlers. Access to the whole house, including fenced back yard I am always a phone call or text away (texts preferred) The neighborhood is perfect: walk to restaurants, bars, grocery...just steps from the house. Lush, waterfront Lincoln Park is a leisure walk away & Bus to downtown is one block from the house. west Seattle is close to SODO, where SafecLarge Craftsman home, sweeping views, close to downtown, Alki Beach, shops and eateries. New kitchen with latest conveniences, private yard on corner lot, 5 bedrooms on 3 floors with bathrooms on each floor providing privacy for separate households. This house was built as a typical Seattle one-story Craftsman bungalow in 1912.  Since 1994, we remodeled it two times. The most extensive remodel occurred in 1998 and involved adding a second floor to provide larger bedrooms, spacious closets, and an upstairs laundry room. Mostly we built up to take advantage of the magnificent views. The last remodel in 2015 included a new kitchen, new basement bathroom, lighting fixtures, and flooring. The entire house is open to guests. There are three floors, including the basement, with 1 - 2 bathrooms per floor. This allows for separate living spaces for multiple households. The house is equipped for modern living, including satellite TV and high speed internet service. We live only 5 miles away so aDarling mother in law studio in quiet n'hood convenient location, on bus line, near parks, ten minutes to airport, parks and trails nearby.  Enjoy all west seattle has to offer, or travel 20 minutes to downtown Seattle.  Comfortable for two, private. Converted free standing garage. Vaulted ceilings, lots of windows, ceiling fan, private small fenced yard. Bathroom has heated floor,shower and sink and is just off the main room, king size memory foam bed, and couch that can sleep one. The kitchen has a refrigerator, microwave and one burner convection hot plate, toaster,electric water heater, electric coffee maker. the bathroom doesn't have a lot of counter space.Please leave the space as you found it…wash your dishes, take trash to can. small private, fenced yard. keyless entry on door, with interior dead bolt for your security. we live on property, but, will have little to no interaction with guests, except upon arrival AND TO  WATER PLANTS AND YARD. Studio is separate from main house,Private day-lit basement bedroom with your own half-bath (shared washer + dryer in bathroom), shared full bath, kitchen, living room, and front porch with a view of the sound are yours to share and enjoy!  Bookings are sensitive to check/in out time In the spring time, you wake to birds chirping. We live in a quiet neighborhood, with easy access to awesome nearby parks, yet it's only 17 minute drive to the airport, 18 minutes to downtown (without traffic) and a short walk (down a big hill) to delicious baked goods and public beaches/parks.  The bedroom doesn't get much sun (especially in the winter) but it gets quite dark at night for a restful sleep. It is not a large space (ceiling height is 6'5") but it's definitely adequate for two people in our opinion. There is no TV but we have wi-fi that is more than adequate for streaming movies on your laptop or tablet. We like to keep things clean but we do leave some dishes on the side of the sink or soaking on the stove on occasion while w230 square foot treehouse in my back yard. Easy access but not handicap accessible. Unheated but has electricity. Guests will have access to bathroom and shower in house. Short walk to bus and beach. 15 min from airport, 15 min from downtown.Unique! It's a treehouse! Yard, bathroom (with shower) in house. Check in, and available if needed. Walk to beach. Super quiet and safe neighborhood. Right on the bus line.Nice comfortable family home close to everything! Alki beach, Lincoln park, west Seattle right here! Minutes to downtown Seattle! 3 bedrooms, playroom, 2 baths and lots of kids toys! We also have a trampoline out back and a nice deck to enjoy. Gorgeous views of the mountains as well! Very kid friendly, lots of Legos, games, doll house, books, Barbies, a playroom.In beautiful West Seattle. 10 min from downtown tourist spots airport & cruise ship dock. Large house, kitchen, living room with gas fireplace, dining room, hot tub, big private yard with fire pit, gas grill and deck, view of Mt.Rainier. Better than a hotel, motel or B&B and more private.  Additional 2nd bathroom and 3rd bedroom can sometimes be made available.  Smell the salt air In WEST SEATTLE, just a block from Marine View Drive, house sits up high with a tree top view.  Eagles and osprey fly over, yet only 15 minutes from downtown Seattle and only 5 from the West Seattle business district where cool shops and restaurants abound and you can find great food from fun bar food to superior fine dining.  If you want to cook at home, check out our fancy grocery store, Metropolitan Market. Walk to the beach, famous Lincoln Park, the Coleman Pool outdoor swimming poor, or picnic as you watch the ship traffic and ferries go by The Vashon Ferry Terminal.  Play on sandy Alki Beach, The Log Mu Alki Beach House located steps from Alki Beach. You will love this house! It sleeps up to 8 and comes fully furnished. I wash the comforters after every stay so you need not worry how clean the house is!  Please note rates from June 10th through Sept 3rd @ $270/night and $1750/week.  Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years at $250/night Lots of restaurants within 3 blocks and a great place to stay for those who are open water swimmers. Two hide-a-beds in addition to the queen and king beds. 2 bedrooms/2 baths Kitchen- Fully supplied Washer/Dryer Cottage style Lots of DVD's And much, much more.... Several bus lines within a 2 minute walk, 15-20 to the airport and 7 miles to downtown Seattle Youtube Video  2739 61st Ave SW Seattle.  PLEASE NOTE THE STREET VIEW ON THIS SITE SHOWS 62nd Ave SW and not 61st Ave SW... please disregard the video of the street view as it doesn't even show the house Please feel free to give me a call with any questions. (phone number hidden) Best regards, Wayne NModern, comfortable studio apartment located  just blocks from Alki beach. Impressive views of Puget Sound and the Olympic Mountains! Enjoy while you soak in the hot tub or relax on our spacious deck.  All the amenities to make your stay perfect. Studio apartment in the basement of my home; a well-lit space which is  cool in the summer and has a toasty fireplace for the winter.   Completely private with a small kitchen, queen size bed and the couch will also convert to a (short) twin size bed.  Great views from all over the property. You'll have a private entrance to the apartment and you are welcome to use the deck, gas grill and hot tub. I love to offer advice on the neighborhood and Seattle in general. I eat out a lot and know the nearby restaurants well (of which there are plenty). I enjoy walking the beach and nearby parks and welcome you to join me! Additionally, I am a scuba diver and can help you plan your cold water dive excursions here in Puget Sound. Alki beach is one of theNew construction, beautiful and private one bedroom, one bathroom detached mother-in-law apartment with a full kitchen, radiant floor heating, and memory foam mattress. This unit is well laid out with high end finishes, and a contemporary beach cottage decor. It is located on the quiet side of Alki, within in 1 block of the rocky beach, and is a short 5-10 minute walk to coffee shops, restaurants, and all that Alki beach has to offer. The apartment is an efficient and lovingly designed  1 bedroom, 1 bathroom residence with radiant floor heating, high end finishes and a fully stocked kitchen. It offers expansive territorial views over a community baseball field. The bright and comfortable space enjoys includes TV, cable, wireless Internet, and everything you need have a relaxing stay in Alki. Guests have access to the whole apartment, with separate entrance off the alley and free parking. The unit has a separate access to the Mother-in-law unit which is located above our garage. We resp88 steps to Alki beach.  Cactus, Pegasus Pizza, Top Pot Donuts, Starbucks, Fat Burger all within a block of this cozy home.  Large L-Shaped couch, Cable TV, comfortable bed, kitchen, dining room, bikes and tennis rackets available. Pet friendly! PET FRIENDLY!  88 steps to the Puget Sound 1 (one) off street private parking spot 75 steps to Starbucks 52 steps to Pegasus Pizza 62 steps to Hot Pot Donuts  1/2 block off water Guests will have access to one bedroom, bathroom, the living room kitchen dining room. There is one bedroom that is locked with owner's property inside. The front yard has has been replanted, please do not walk on areas where new grass is growing.Beautifully updated 2 bedroom/2 bath entire apartment on 3rd floor with balcony and windows galore literally inches from your own private puget sound beach in SEATTLE! Quick and easy commute to downtown, on express bus line, minutes to Alki Beach! Spacious in-city apartment with 2 bedrooms and 2 baths. The master bedroom has a queen bed and 3/4 bath and a second bedroom has a queen bed. There is a full bath in the hallway, a full kitchen with electric range, fridge/freezer, microwave, sink, garbage disposal, dishwasher, washer /dryer in unit, dining table for 5 overlooking the water and spacious living room ALL with views of the Puget Sound and the Olympic Mountain range.  This apartment is nestled along the Puget Sound waterfront in a small quaint and peaceful building with a secure entrance. From the 3rd floor (top floor) corner unit, you have amazing window and balcony views. You are literally just steps from the gentle puget sound waves and your own private beach with firepit, BBQ Imagine yourself soaking up the beach life!  This great beach community is a perfect launching point for your explorations in and around the city of Seattle.  Our bungalow is in the heart of it all, with beaches 1 block away in either direction.   Alki Beach Bungalow - Cleanest, Newest House in the area - 1 BLOCK from beach! We have a short preview video that we like to show perspective guests, but unfortunately I'm not able to upload a link to it here per airbnb rules.   I also own another vacation rental in West Seattle, in the heart of the West Seattle Junction.  Check it out here:  https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7776501 Imagine yourself in one of hottest but chilled out areas of the city:  Alki Beach!  As you step out  the front door of our completely remodeled and contemporary bungalow, the beach is one block away in either direction.   Note:  This isn't a mother-in-law or an apartment, it's the entire house.   Our beach bungalow offers: * A modern, completely remodeled interior - nNewly remodeled, this family friendly home is one block from the water and a short walk to Alki Beach. Enjoy our Seattle summers grilling out on the spacious back deck or watching the sunset from the front porch. The beautiful Alki Beach House, a newly-remodeled classic craftsman home, is just one block from Beach Drive and Constellation Park! With 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, spacious, the Beach House is large enough for the whole family. Step inside and be greeted by the light and bright interior with gorgeous hardwoods and wood-burning fireplace! The sparkling kitchen features all new appliances, cabinets and countertops for your culinary enjoyment. Savor the spacious main floor master bedroom with walk-in closet and french doors leading to the back deck. The lower level has two more bedrooms and a 3/4 bath with a spacious, subway-tiled shower.This vacation rental also features brand new decks in the front and back of the home, and a gas BBQ so you can cook for a crowd! One complimenOur terrific West Seattle one bedroom has very high ceilings giving the apartment a wonderful, spacious feeling. We are near the beach (3 blocks) and also close to the Junction. The apartment is peaceful and private. High ceilings ! Walk to beach ! Peaceful ! We are walking distance to great restaurants like Cactus, and Duke's. The bus is close & takes you into downtown Seattle. There are 2 small sets of stairs to be aware of.Cute and Comfortable house 15 minutes to downtown Seattle on Alki Beach 1 block from Puget Sound, restaurants and an extensive walking/biking path.    Perfect place to call home. Welcome to our home!  A peaceful cute space one block from the Puget Sound.  Enjoy a cup of coffee at Starbucks that shares the same alley as our home and watch the ferries go by to Bainbridge Island. This is a private home with a small yard and one covered parking space off the back alley.  What is not to love about Alki Beach?!  Beautiful beach, water, shops and great restaurants are foot steps away.  Enjoy the large walking/biking path that stretches all the way to downtown Seattle. Bus system is easy to use and the water taxi that runs to downtown Pier 50 is charming and only 1/2 mile from the house.Fabulous location on quiet street 2 blocks from Alki Beach, 1 block to elementary school park and playground. Great local bars, restaurants and coffee shops along beachfront. Short water taxi to downtown from Alki beach.  Free, easy-to-find street parking available.  We rent the entire 3-bedroom house for up to 6 people, with air mattress available to be set-up in nursery.  The garden room has an entire empty closet for your use. Free wifi cable with great access throughout house. Cable tv and speakers wired with Pandora-enabled sound system. Gas stove, outdoor gas grill available for your use. We also have two beach cruiser bikes for good weather rides along the beach! We love to cook.  Please enjoy the All-Clad cookware and Wusthof knives...and great restaurants just 2 blocks away. Bamboo flooring on main level.  Hardwood bamboo platform bed in master bedroom.  Beautiful hardwood dining table that seats 8. If you have small children, you will be happy with our state-of-the-art, anchoThis apartment is all about living ON THE BEACH.  Enjoy VIEWS of the sunset, Puget Sound and Olympic mountains.  Great PEOPLE WATCHING on Alki in West Seattle.  Restaurants and bars are a 3 minute walk.  You can be in downtown Seattle in 15 minutes. Picture yourself cooking fresh salmon on the gas grill staring out at Puget Sound after a long day of relaxing on the beach.  This is a great landing spot before or after an Alaska cruise or a longer term corporate housing stay. Let me know which Starbucks coffee or tea you prefer and I will have it waiting for you. This is an older building, but it is furnished nicely.  Must walk up 2 flights of stairs.  The small room has a king size bed and is in the back of the apartment, which blocks out street noise that can be considerable on sunny days. Earplugs and eye masks will be available.  Children are welcome to sleep on the couch for an extra fee.  There is an elementary school with a playground close by. More pictures are available on requeGreat home next to a play field, hiking park, and two blocks from the heart of Alki Beach. Walk to breakfast, lunch or dinner on the beach and watch the sunset. 15-30 minutes from downtown. 1 full size bedroom with closet Accomodates 2 people easily. You will be blown away by the views of the Puget Sound, the Olympic Mountains, and downtown Seattle. Wifi, washer + dryer, indoor fireplace, outdoor firepit and multiple outdoor seating areas. Coffee and light breakfast food available. Back yard is fenced, dogs allowed on a case by case basis. I have one well behaved and socialized dog that can be loose or confined, and will stay in my bedroom at night. I am away 9-5:30 Mon-Fri, guests can come and go at leisure.  There is a main bedroom available as well as a smaller bedroom/office that is great for a third guest (please let me know if this smaller room is requested as it is also an office space and requires set-up). Plenty of closet space. You'll have free access to the entire house exceThis one bedroom apartment is located directly on the water in West Seattle. This amazing view is of Puget Sound and the beautiful Olympia mountains! West Seattle is very close to both Downtown Seattle and Seatac airport. Truly one-of-a-kind and a unique stay for your Seattle trip! The apartment is unique because it is located directly on the water. The sunsets are second to none with views of the Olympia mountains. The apartment is clean and modern. Guests have access to the entire apartment. I have a full kitchen (I LOVE to cook) including a brand new Vitamix. If you haven't tried one before, I guarantee you will want one after you leave! The balcony is private and all yours! I have a lock box you can access or my boyfriend James would be happy to show you around. I am available via text, call, or email anytime. I am taking care of my mom in Florida and renting out my apartment while I am gone. The neighborhood of West Seattle is relaxed. This beachy vibe has many young families and You're going to love your time on Alki beach. Wonderful 1450 sq ft living and loft crossed the street is a world of adventure. Our home is one block from the free shuttle that will take you down to the water taxi for an afternoon in downtown Seattle.Across the street from the beach. Close to Alki beach. One bedroom apt with 60' smart tv. Comfy sectional couch. Queen size bed. On the water. Quiet. Restaurant. Beach. Bars. La Rustica is a 5 star Italian restaurant literally next door.Apartment on top floor of a turn of century  three floor WALK UP on Alki Beach with restaurants, bars and shops next door.   Private and quiet bedroom, in the back, away from the street noise which can be considerable.  Bus stop & water taxi in front The room is at the back of a railroad apartment with a separate entrance to the kitchen.  The kitchen separates the back bedroom and bathroom from living space at the front of the apartment that I live and work in.  This is a Top Floor WALK UP in a turn of the century brick building so it's eclectic.   I've done some tricky things like cover the old counter tops with contact paper and paint to add warmth to the rooms & covered the ugly carpet in the bedroom with fabric.  The kitchen is original & the appliances are no frills.  No dishwasher so we have to wash the dishes by hand.  Help yourself to my Starbucks French Roast coffee beans, the bean grinder & French press or coffee maker. Basic kitchen tools & supplies but nothing fancy.  Feel Totally remodeled unit right on Alki beach! Two bed/bath, heated bathroom floors for chilly Seattle mornings. Wake up to waves, eat outside with the outdoor fireplace on as you watch seals play and ferries glide by. Fish for salmon off the deck! Enjoy a front row seat on Alki beach! Listen to the ocean waves from every room in the unit and enjoy unobstructed views off a private patio (owner owns 35 feet into Puget Sound). Bring your fishing gear and catch salmon right off the porch and grill it up for dinner, search for beach glass or just relax on the deck.  The duplex is a piece of Alki history that's been carefully and lovingly remodelled. The upper unit is rented  full-time and the entire lower unit is available to you. There are beautiful hardwood floors, cozy furniture and lots of upgrades to enjoy. Wake up to heated bathroom floors on those chilly Seattle mornings or snuggle up in the living room and watch movies and take naps to the sounds of the ocean.  The master bedroom featPerched above Alki Beach, enjoy amazing sunsets. Conveniently located close to downtown, airport and all amenities. 3 Bedrooms, 1.5 baths, large kitchen and open living spaces. The most unique aspect of this home is the wonderful view. The house is a 1950's brick home situated within a quiet in-city neighborhood. The home has been well cared for and has moderate sized rooms, but the living spaces are large. Full washer and dryer, kitchen, bathrooms, bedrooms...basically the entire main level of the house. I am generally available all the time via text or email. I live just less than a mile away, so can always help with any issues that may arise. The neighborhood is quiet with residential homes, this is not a commercial location. It is a short walk down to Alki...but coming back up the hill can be a bit of a hike. It is also walking distance to Schmitz Park, an urban forrest with old growth trees, streams and hiking trails. The home is located right on a bus route. The route isn't the "Great home next to a play field, hiking park, and two blocks from the heart of Alki Beach. Walk to breakfast, lunch or dinner on the beach and watch the sunset. 15-30 minutes from downtown. 3 full size bedrooms with closet space. Accomodates 7 people easily (with air mattress). You will be blown away by the views of the Puget Sound, the Olympic Mountains, and downtown Seattle. Wifi, washer + dryer, indoor fireplace, outdoor firepit and multiple outdoor seating areas. Coffee and light breakfast food available. Back yard is fenced, dogs allowed on a case by case by case basis. Contact me for details. There are two main bedrooms available as well as a smaller bedroom/office that is great for a third guest (please let me know if this smaller room is requested as it is also an office space and requires set-up). Also a couch available for sleeping. Plenty of closet space. I am happy to give recommendations and assist with your stay in any way you like. Otherwise I am fairly occupied and willLocated above Alki Beach, the Sunset Grotto is the lower level unit of a single family home. This  one bedroom space is very private with backyard, kitchenette and wonderful view of Puget Sound. This is a private lower unit apartment in a quiet neighborhood. There is a nice view of Puget Sound from the Living Room along with a fireplace. There is one bedroom. An extra guest could sleep on the couch. The Living Room does have a door on it. There is a kitchenette for all your cooking needs and a washer and dryer. Access to a lovely backyard and lower level of the house, which includes one bedroom, one living room, one kitchenette with small eat-in space. I am available for questions any time. The home sits on the hill above Alki Beach. It is a nice walk down to the beach and a hike up the hill on the way back. The in-city neighborhood is quiet and pedestrian. The home sits on a bus line that takes you directly to West Seattle's Junction neighborhood, where there are many restaurants, barPrivate getaway! Your very own spacious RV, custom cabinetry and built-ins by expert Hollywood craftsman 1 block to alki beach, close to restaurants, nightlife, and one of the very best views of the Seattle Skyline. Proximity to Alki Beach, great restaurants and nightlife.  Public transportation nearby, and there is a passenger foot ferry to Downtown Seattle.  Alki is the birthplace of Seattle! The RV is all yours, along with a private bit of yard.  You are welcome to choose your level of interaction with the household.  Shower, washer and dryer and full kitchen are part of a small communal home of responsible and mature adults. We clean up after ourselves and request that you be respectful of the communal space.  Deck is open to guests as well. There will almost always be someone available to assist your with any questions or needs.  We want you to enjoy your stay and this wonderful slice of Seattle.alki beach townhouse  2 bedrooms 1 bath located on upper level living room and kitchen located on main floor front and back door  queen size beds leather couch glass coffee table  40"lcd Tv, no cable, has antenna for local channels kitchen has fridge and stove equipped with utensils for 4  Microwave  What I love about my neighborhood is that everything is in walking distance. Coffee shops, restaurants, and the beach is literally across the street.   Alki Beach has sand, the smell of saltwater, bungalows, and local deep fried cooking – everything you'd expect from a classic beach. But unique to Alki Beach are the views of the Olympic Mountains and downtown Seattle.   Alki Beach is a great place to “people watch" or get a tan in the summer months. There is a boardwalk along two miles of sandy beachfront for runners, bicyclists and roller-skaters to enjoy. It's the perfect scene for an afternoon stroll. In the summer months, Alki Beach gets crowded – especially on weekends. Sunbathers, voJust a short drive or a fun water taxi ride to downtown,  the historic Alki Beach neighborhood in Seattle has a definite beachy resort feel....and on a quiet residential street, the Alki Beach Cottage radiates an older French/Coastal vibe. The peaceful, charming and romantic one bedroom 1920's cottage, sits alone on the property, surrounded by lush, mature landscaping, and is just two blocks from 2 different beaches. One active with cafes and the other..quiet, natural and serene. Comfortably fits two people. A very calm place to relax!   THE INSIDE:     ...Bedroom off living room with comfortable queen bed     ...Living room has double size sleeper sofa    ...Bath with clawfoot tub and shower    ...Wood floors throughout    ...Vintage eat in kitchen    ...Bright walk- in closet    ...Creatively decorated for the holidays! THE OUTSIDE:    ...Fir, pine and palm trees in backyard    ...Morning sun on covered front porch    ...Afternoon sun on backyard deck and patio    ...Marine breezes aCharming house in Seattle's Alki Beach area, 3-4 blocks from the sandy beach with views of ferries and amazing sunsets. Newly remodeled. Alki Beach, a charming neighborhood that feels like a little slice of California nestled in Seattle. Watch the ferries go by from the living room or deck of this home. This house is steps from the sandy beach (three block walk). It also sits less than a block from the entrance of a hiking park, an open baseball field, basketball hoops, public tennis courts, restaurants and good coffee shops.  Note: This house is a duplex and this rental is for the full 1,000 square foot apartment, the entire lower level of the house. It has a completely separate entrance, full kitchen, bathroom, living room, dining room, laundry room and everything included you'll need.  Downtown Seattle is just 10 mins away, depending on traffic and also if you drive or take the water taxi. The bus stop is about 10 steps in front of the house. The shuttle for the water taxi is also jMeticulously built 2014 construction with endless views of the Sound & Olympics situated on huge private lot with lush, mature landscaping. View-inspired indoor & outdoor entertaining spaces, chef's kitchen, walk to Alki BeachThis is a beautiful, elegant beach home one block to the beach, with fine, comfy, colorful furnishings.  French doors open to beautiful deck and private sunny back yard, shaded where you want it. This is a beautiful, elegant beach home with the finest furnishings, but comfy!  And colorful! Designed for six guests. Enter on main floor to living room w gas fireplace, flatscreen cable TV, dining room, french doors opening to beautiful deck, furniture, grill, and private sunny back yard, shaded where you want it. Great kitchen, large master w/ queen, smaller bedroom (aka the library) w/ queen sofa bed &  french doors, and bathroom w a very small claw footed tub, not really functional for bathing, since the bath has hardwood floors. Think of it as a powder room. Wifi of course. Sleeps 4 on the main floor.  Downstairs is large cozy TV/game room, huge deep L shaped sectional sofa, game table, reading sofa, bedroom w king bed, laundry room, bathroom w/ shower, garage entrance for bikes, golf cLocated just a 30 sec. walk from Alki Beach, Seattle. Stay a night or 5 in my one bedroom apartment, the living room is sectioned off (curtain) for you. Quiet & clean, I have a futon and couch. I'm very personable and easy to get along with! This location is in high demand, right along one of the most gorgeous beaches in Washington! Guests will have access to the kitchen and bathroom. Guests may use all kitchen supplies but are asked to provide their own food and toiletries. There are also onsite coin operated laundry facilities available. I'm busy with work most of the day during the week, therefore you can enjoy the space to yourself! The neighborhood has a lovely beach community feel. There are a variety of shops and restaurants within walking distance. Starbucks and Tully's is a short walk.  The apartment is located right along the community transit busline. Parking is on the street.1Br/1Ba Apt in West Seattle close to Schmitz Reserve Park, transport (w/easy transfer to airport and downtown) & beach. 10-min drive to downtown. 4-min drive, 20-min walk to shopping, bars and restaurants at "The Junction." Good for a small family. The Space: Our apartment has a full kitchen, bonus office/2nd bedroom and private laundry perfect for a small family or business travel. We have big windows so the whole area gets a good amount of natural light, a bedroom with enough space for two, and an office that comes with a single bed. There is one full bathroom in the house that everyone needs to share off the main bedroom. We have a cozy dinning area with space for three (a third chair is stored in the small table). There are great restaurants about 1 mile away, but if you like cooking, you're welcome to use the kitchen. This space works well for small families or a group of 3 persons. We have a backyard that is gated because there are chickens and it is for the homeowner's use. The Charming beach cottage in Seattle's Alki Beach neighborhood, only a block from the sandy beach with amazing sunsets and many restaurants within walking distance. The unit has a master bedroom + second bedroom. Two queen beds. This space has two bedrooms, one bathroom and a comfy beach themed living room. This space is perfect for a couple or up to three guests (it does have a queen sized bed in each bedroom). Note: the cottage has two separate (private) apartment units, each with a separate entrance so you are staying in half of the house. The cottage has a master bedroom, second bedroom, kitchen, and living room, with its own separate entrance and one dedicated parking space. If you need anything at all or have questions please don't hesitate to contact us. After confirmation of your stay, we will send a welcome message with all the details on how to access the  property. Alki Beach, a charming neighborhood that feels like a little slice of California nestled in Seattle.  This neighboThis West Seattle Genesee Hill home is a single story rambler on a large lot. House has 3 bedrooms (king/queen/bunk bed) and 2 full bathrooms. Newly renovated, open concept kitchen in a bright and quiet street. This house is conveniently located in West Seattle in the highly desirable Genesee Hill neighborhood. It is near the Alaska Junction restaurants in a scenic, quiet, and friendly neighborhood.  Our home is a single story 1,350 sq ft house rambler on a sizeable 5,300 sq foot lot with a front and backyard. It has a newly renovated, open concept kitchen with quartz countertops, new stainless steel appliances (including an extremely quiet Bosch dishwasher and 36 inch range), plus a latte machine!  House has 3 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms. Beds include: King, Queen (or toddler bed if desired), 2 Twin Bunk Beds and a tall Aerobed queen blow-up bed that can be used if desired. The master bedroom (with king bed) has an en-suite bathroom with a large Jacuzzi bathtub. French doors off theVery charming apt on Alki AVE SW, easy to access all of the activities yet far enough out to enjoy your time on the beach. Were right on Alki but just far enough outside the late night night crowd. We are a key less entry, you provide us a code and that will be your wifi and door code. We respect your privacy unless you need us. Were on the beach, where else would you like to be? You can walk a block and catch the free shuttle to the water taxi to down town Seattle.Light filled 2 bedroom cottage less than a block from Alki beach! Easy access to downtown Seattle by car or water taxi. Enjoy a morning run or coffee while taking in the views and smells of salt water. Well appointed house with all you need to enjoy your stay! Two bedrooms with double/full sized beds. Additional twin mattress available upon request. Entire upper level duplex, private deck,front and back entrance, off street parking. Please let me know if you need anything or have any questions.   I am available by phone/text.Top floor in Alki Beach house on waterfront, bus stop to Downtown Seattle just steps outside.  The top floor has 2 bedrooms (master king bed and twin bed and sleeping bags for couches, etc.) living room, deck, 1 full shared bath and kitchen. Guests will have access to the top floor of the house which includes two bedrooms, a kitchen, full bathroom (shared), living room with water view and large deck with water view. We occupy the downstairs of the home and aside from the shared bathroom, guests won't interact much with us.  Help yourself to all food/beer and snacks in the fridge or bring your own. Alki is a beach community across the water from Downtown Seattle.  There are restaurants and bars on the beach within a close walking distance to house. There is a bus stop to the King County Water Taxi to Downtown Seattle just steps outside the house.Stay in the heart of Alki, a dynamic neighborhood that is located walking distance to amazing restaurants, hip hang outs, and the best views of downtown.  Easy access to downtown by car, bus or water taxi.   Our charming 2 bedroom duplex will be a comfortable and inviting home base for all of your Seattle Adventures. The home is a two block walk to Alki Beach, a tourist hot spot that boasts restaurants, shops, sandy beaches, bonfire pits, playgrounds, walking trails, and so much more!  The home has two bedrooms.  The master has a queen sized bed, and the other bedroom has two twin beds for guest use. You will be staying in one unit of a duplex rambler.  We have long term tenants that live in the neighboring unit, and a tenant that subleases the basement below your unit.  There is access to a small grassy area out front of the home, but no backyard access at this time. We live approximately 5 miles away from our Alki Beach House, and are happy to help answer questions, or offer support Comfortable 2br apartment in wonderful West Seattle. Easy city access via bus or water taxi. Great view of the water and Olympic mountains. Friendly laid-back guy here.Ten minutes to downtown, privacy, seclusion, NW beauty, and comfort. Hot tub, fireplace, 2.5 baths, well furnished lofts over exciting rooms in what we call "The Art Castle". Each room different and vary in privacy and convenience. Shared kitchen.Perched two blocks above Alki Beach, this stunning view home provides a memorable getaway with a quintessentially Seattle feel.  Great Room Layout: The main living space is light and airy, arranged in an open floor plan with vaulted ceilings. Leather couches ground the living room and provide a cozy space to curl up and read, work on a laptop, watch satellite TV, or enjoy the gas fireplace. From the living room, sliding doors open unto a large view deck which overlooks Alki Beach and has 180 degree views of the Puget Sound and Olympic Mountains. You'll love using the gas grill to cook the fresh salmon you bring back from the Pike Place Market. Prepare the rest of your dinner in the gorgeous designer kitchen with cherry cabinets, granite counters and stainless appliances-at the heart of the great room, then gather around the long dining table to savor a bottle of wine and great company. In the morning, enjoy a cup of freshly ground Pike Place Roast coffee while gazing at the view from tRight across the street from the water, this place has 180 degree views where you can see whales, sea lions, the mountains and sunset.  Close to downtown, GREAT restaurants, shopping, parks and everything Seattle has to offer.  All new top-end unit. The location is right across from the beach on the waterfront.  Upon entry, there's a closet for miscellaneous storage and a Washer and Dryer in it on the left.  Then there is a large bedroom with Queen bed, full-bath and large closet just past this on the right.  As you wrap to the left, you will enter a sizable kitchen with pantry.  The kitchen has just about everything you'd need, with all new items throughout.  There's a double door fridge with ice machine and water, a coffee maker, a toaster oven and all sorts of pans for cooking.  There's also a microwave above the oven.  As you move past the kitchen, you enter into a spacious Dining Room and Living room.  The Dining room has seating for 7 to 8, with a couple of (email hidden) to the Note:  Please write me first before you make a reservation request!  I really appreciate it because it gives the best chance for all of us to find out what we need to know. Your own private suite:  bedroom, bathroom, separate office area with wi-fi, bookshelves, desk.  On main floor of gorgeous 3400 s.f. home overlooking Puget Sound. Unobstructed forever views of the Olympic Mountains, Bainbridge and Vashon Islands and the Kitsap Peninsula. The well-stocked kitchen is shared, and you are welcome to enjoy the spacious common areas, the large west-facing deck – and the aforementioned unobstructed views. This is a beautiful, quiet setting up a lane in the big trees, yet minutes' walk to the vibrant beachfront neighborhood of Alki Beach (Seattle's version of Venice Beach).  We neighbors talk about how we feel like we're on vacation here, but we're right in the city! It's 20 minutes from the airport and 20 minutes to downtown Seattle or SoDo or Beacon Hill and First Hill (if you're associatEndless views of the Sound & Olympics situated on huge private lot with lush, mature landscaping. View-inspired indoor & outdoor entertaining spaces, chef's kitchen, walk to Alki Beach; one bedroom for rent and shared common areasHome like a lodge, three blocks above Puget Sound with forever unobstructable views of the Olympic Mountains and islands in the Sound.  Two bedrooms, two full baths, large west-facing deck, kitchen, open living and dining with a two-story fireplace. Note:  Please write me before you make a reservation.  I would like to hear a bit about you and who is coming with you, and I need to know in advance of your arrival date for planning purposes. This house is wonderful space for a family reunion, friends' get-together, holiday gathering. It's large and friendly and feels like a country house in the city.  It's very quiet, you'll sleep quite well.  And it's secluded, so you don't have to worry about bothering anybody with happy noise like laughter and music. You have access to the whole house to live in while you are here as if it were yours.  Cook up a feast, invite friends and family over for dinner or an evening on the deck.   Be sure to talk to me if you're planning to have additional peoAlki Beach retro bungalow/apt half block from beach 1 bedroom queen size bed  1 bathroom  living room hardwood floors kitchen stove fridge microwave  small back yardOur lower floor is a blast from the past! It reminds me of the basement bedroom I had as a teenager back in Wisconsin. The ceiling is low and unfinished and the walls are cement. As the floors creek above, it feels like you're in a secret hideaway fort. History: This secret hideout is a blast from the past. On top of this lower retreat stands a custom architectural designed home. The home was built onto the original foundation of a 1910 Craftsman home, so the lower floor has quite a history behind it. It was actually dugout by hand from the family we purchased it from and the bricks in the chimney came from a nearby grade school that was lost during an earthquake in 1941. The Vibe: The ceiling is unfinished and low at just 6'5" So if you are much over 6' tall, this place might not suit you. For the rest of us, the place feels super laid back and chillin. The walls are filled with art and the furniture is eclectic but cool. Natural light flows through a couple windows into the living spExcellent location for experiencing the best Seattle has to offer.  New construction in December 2015 this 700 sq ft house is clean, convenient and comfortable.  Walk to shops, cafes, movie theater and library. 10 minute walk to Alki Beach. Brand new construction, bamboo floors, all new furniture, designer colors. Entire 700 sq ft detached house with alley access and parking spot. Owners on site for questions and advice about the area. Best location in West Seattle. North Admiral neighborhood, walking distance to Metropolitan Market, Mioposto, Admiral Twin Theater and so much more. Bus stop less than a block away, parking on site, and short 10 minute drive to downtown. Walk to Alki Beach and lots of shops.Brand new unobstructed 180 degree OCEAN VIEW home-- so close to the water that you will drift off to sleep while relaxing waves lap upon the beach. House featured in July 2015 issue of Seattle Times. New unobstructed 180 degree OCEAN VIEW home-- so close to the water that you will drift off to sleep while relaxing waves lap upon the beach. PLEASE NOTE: There is a vacation rental downstairs on the lower part of the house, which has it's own entrance and is closed off from the main house. You won't see or hear from them the guests downstairs, but it does truly feel like two separate living spaces. Recently built in 2013, reversed style layout home exclusively designed by architect, Stephenson Design Collective. 2 levels with 3 bedrooms, 2.5 bath, contemporary built home offers you true beach house living on Seattle's infamous Alki Beach.  Home offers a DOUBLE side by side COVERED & secured GARAGE that you get exclusive use of. Top level of the house boasts a bright CHEFS kitchen with BLUMake yourself at home in this wonderful three bedrooms plus a kids room with a bunk bed.  This private home has a stunning panoramic view of the Seattle Skyline that runs from Elliot Bay to the Space Needle!   All the bedrooms come with a queen size bed.  There are two master bedrooms, a living room and a kitchen that comes with the awesome views of the Seattle skylines.   In addition, the two master bedrooms have its owned vanity that is separate from the two full bathrooms.  This is super convenient for a big family.  Wi-fi, a 70" big screen TV and laundry facilities are included.  The kitchen is completely remodeled and features new appliances, a coffee maker and a microwave.  Brand new hardwood floor throughout the house. A huge private deck comes with a BBQ grill that is overlooking Elliot Bay and Seattle!   Walking distance to Alki Beach, restaurants, easy access to bus lines.  A 15-minute bus (or water taxi ride!) get you to downtown Seattle and driving takes about 6-8 minutes. Privite Room and Bathroom in the Admiral district of Seattle. 5 min away from Alki Beach. The condo is surrounded by restaurants and is located on a few bus routes in to downtown (about 10-15 min). There is a great rooftop deck with a great view of downtown, the Puget Sound, and the Olympic Mountains. You will have access to to the guest bedroom and guest bath on the right side of the condo. We will be available onsite for your stay. We live at the central junction of our neighborhood. There are restaurants, a movie theater, coffee shops, and bars with in a block of the condo. The room has one full sized bed. You can take a bus in to the core of the city. It take about 10-15 min depending on the time of day. (Later at night it is longer). There are usually plenty of Car2gos around. Also, an Uber/Lyft into and out of downtown is about $13-$17. We have a dog. He is very small and very sweet. He will bark at new people for about 10 seconds and then leave them alone. He sleeps in our room Our spacious, clean, modern, open concept 1 bedroom flat is in North Admiral of West Seattle. It's a friendly & beautiful community with everything such as restaurants, bars, grocery stores & parks within just blocks of our place. When you arrive you are welcomed with our welcoming basket providing goodies and a bottle of wine. Also included is the property manual and brochures with suggestions of what to do during your visit.  Our property is in a newly constructed house in the highly desirable area of North Admiral in West Seattle. It has an open floor concept with a fully stocked kitchen, a dining area and a furnished living room. The couch can be positioned as a queen bed for extra sleeping arrangements. The kitchen is equipped with a blender, slow cooker, toaster, cooking/baking essentials, coffee maker, spices, and condiments. The dining table seats up to 4 guests. The apartment has its own private entrance, heated concrete floors throughout the apartment and a laundry room with Welcome to my tri-level Harbor Ave home (Which turns into Alki beach). This is a great one bedroom, with a den and blow up mattress that could include a dedicated office if you are traveling for work. I have a top floor open floor plan with a dining room, living room and kitchen. The second floor happens to have a pull out sofa and full bathroom!  Lastly, I have an office space, that is perfect if you have to work from home or need to host meetings! You will have access to all of the above listed! I'll be available to check you in and get you squared away!    West Seattle is an unusual gem and this pretty house and garden is located in a quiet neighborhood, one block from bus, walking distance to three top grocery stores, movie theater, restaurants, parks, community centers, views and the beach.     While you will only have one bedroom and bathroom, you can use the kitchen and living room most of the time as well. There is easy access to the wireless WIFI too!  You will get a code to front door., no key necessary!  Then its only a few steps to your room. I will not be around all the time, but I will be around often. I can always be reached by cell phone. There is an emergency friend near by as well. I can answer questions about our area and neighborhood and guide you to normal tourist sights and how to get to them.  The best part of our neighborhood is easy access to everything. Easy access to buses or ferries to downtown Seattle, easy driving to town and airport, shopping and restaurants are only a few blocks away.  Very quick and easyYou are renting basement 2 bedroom apartment with private shower and private entrance.  Ceilings are low since it is a basement.  If over 5'11 you will need to duck.  Basement is unfinished but bedrooms do have carpet and it is heated.   There is NO kitchen!  Close to bus lines into Seattle and also close to Luna Park (resteraunt), Starbucks and Alki beach. Street parking.  Private back yard garden.  Extra large deck with view of space needle, harbor, and fireworks on 4th of July and New Years! Hosts live upstairs but will not bother you unless you want information about the city and things to do.  This is a room on the first floor with twin size bunk beds. There is a half bathroom available on the second floor and a full bathroom on the 3rd floor that must be shared with the other guests staying in the two bedrooms. The Step Brother Room (1st floor/Bunk Beds)  The bargain but not in the basement room has oak bunk beds with single beds. The room doesn't sport any drums so I think we might be safe. This room has a view of the garden and is very close to the main entrance, like really close.  This is a hostel style room great for extra guest of a large party nature or a couch surfer or student! This room is decorated like you would think Tommy Chong's son room might have been decorated "No Offence Paris".  The .5 bathroom available is at the top of the stairs on the second floor. The 1.5 bathroom available is on the third floor between two bedrooms below the green light. This bathroom is shared with all other guests staying in the two bedrooms available.  Other bedrooms are availabOur downstairs bedroom/bathroom is spacious and private, with faux wood-paneling and a bit of sunlight, and a sitting area. We're about half a mile to Alki Beach and to the California/Admiral intersection of W. Seattle. Short-term stays best. Welcome to West Seattle! We've got a great guest room/shower bathroom combo with private patio entrance and street parking to share. While you are in our home, we stay upstairs and leave the daylight downstairs to you, more like you have an accessory unit than a room in the midst of the space we're using. The large room has 70s-style wood paneling, a comfy queen bed and sofa, flat-screen TV/DVD player, and a faux fire crackling in the (real) fireplace. People report sleeping well in our cool quarters.  We've been offline for the first part of 2013 while completing a re-landscaping project to install a new patio, outdoor lighting, walkways, and other hard-scaping at the house, with outdoor bench seating and a bar counter outside for a great outdoorBeautiful 1 bedroom apartment with stunning view of ocean, islands and mountains.  New, quiet and private with with full kitchen, living room and private bath.  Quiet elegant neighborhood, Close-in to downtown.  Amazing views over the ocean, islands and distant mountains. Beautiful apartment, quiet view patio. This is a private apartment in a larger house.  Guests have their own entrance, private apartment, and seperate view patio.  Email questions are welcome. This is one of the best streets in West Seattle.  It is well known for the amazing mansions and views.   Bus is 6 blocks away, 3 major bus lines.  Water taxi 1 mile away, it has a shuttle bus too. Ample street parking. 180 degree ocean view!Elegantly modern, walking distance to shops and restaurants. Easy access to downtown. Eco-friendly finishes, with organic linens. King size Essentia mattress of natural latex from the rubber tree. Spa bathroom. Fully equipped  kitchen. There is plenty of street parking. Easy access during the week to downtown on Bus 56. Grocery stores like PCC, Metropolitan Market and Safeway are within walking distance.  Restaurants, coffee shops and parks also within walking distance. Our unit is off the street and accessed through a stairway. We live upstairs and are happy to answer any questions.  The unit is private.Located in West Seattle's Admiral neighborhood, this darling studio style cottage will welcome you. Built in 2009, it features a queen-sized murphy bed, full kitchen and hang-out zone, a rain style shower with pebble floor, & on-demand hot water. Located in West Seattle's fabulous Admiral neighborhood, this darling studio style cottage will welcome you. Recently updated, it features a kitchen and hang-out zone, a rain style shower with pebble floor, on-demand hot water, a queen-size bed with plush memory foam topper, skylights and a unique planted green roof. The kitchen includes a sink, mini-fridge, range, microwave, coffee maker and toaster as well as pans, dishes and other essentials. The cottage is located in a quiet neighborhood with french doors that open onto a lovely garden, so you can come and go as you please. The Admiral District has great restaurants, 3 grocery stores, a movie theater, library, espresso and other amenities. Have an atypical adventure at our neighborhood SchGlamour camping at its finest: A self contained insulated/gas-log heated garden Yurt (w/kitchen & bathroom) is a perfect getaway for romantic adventures. Ideally located in the village-feel of the Admiral District above Alki-10 min to Seattle core. We are happy and proud to present West Seattle's unique AirBnB: a large circle yurt stay in a cloistered, opulent garden. Your urban garden "Glamping" experience surrounds you with artifacts from world travels that invite adventure imaginings as the circle of sunlight from the central dome skylight is replaced by starlight and the moon at night. The plush carpeted yurt has a gas log freestanding fireplace warming the living room area. A Queen sized canopy bed surrounded by European tapestries is adjacent to a cushy twin sized day couch. Drawing the canopy drapes closes out the morning light and any outside worries.  Your solar powered circle world contains a bathroom with retro "made in USA" standalone shower and a "green" low flow toilet wiEnjoy a home away from home in a quiet family friendly neighborhood. Very private and seamless arrangements. (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)     Take over the main floor of my cozy and spacious 1950`s split level home in West Seattle,  the house/apt. is completely private. I am always available in the basement apt. to help with any questions you may have   (URL HIDDEN)Turn in with Queen sized beds in private bedrooms.  Enjoy full access to the rest of the apartment, living room, kitchen, dining room and bathroom and outside deck at your service. The neighborhood is sleepy residential and safe. Parking is free off street or in the driveway in front of the house.           All toiletries and linens are provided. If requested linens can be changed once a week for guests staying longer than one week. (URL HIDDEN)Coffee and tea are provided for you to brew yourself a cup to get your day off to a great start.           There are several Metro buses just a short walk from the front door to take you anyWith lots of vintage charm, this 1 bdrm private unit sits among the trees, and boasts sunset views of the Sound from the top floor of a craftsman home. Within walking distance of Alki and Admiral, this is an in-city treat! Bright, clean, and completely private, the Crow's Nest is the perfect two-person suite. Relax in the cozy living and dining rooms, get some work done in the office nook, and sleep soundly on a king sized bed. The compact kitchen is stocked with all the wares you might need to cook up a delicious dinner. The bathroom features a wonderfully deep tub, perfect for unwinding after a long day of adventures. Please note that due to the bathroom's low ceiling height, showers must be taken while sitting— Japanese style. Guests have their own private entrance from the back porch of the house. Amenities include a king-sized bed, a fully outfitted kitchen, 42" flatscreen tv, DVD and BluRay player, and free wifi and Netflix access. Guests are welcome to enjoy the backyard grill (Embedded in an affluent neighborhood, the West Seattle Cottage is walking distance to Alki Beach, mass transit, nightlife, a movie theatre, several grocery stores and great restaurants.  We are conveniently located just minutes away from downtown Seattle by car or water taxi and about 20 minutes from the airport. This charming cottage apartment with private, separate entrance is spacious, sunny and fully furnished. Equipped with a queen size Murphy bed, loft sleeping area, and futon that can sleep one person comfortably, this cottage is perfect for both singles and families. A kitchenette, flat screen TV, exercise equipment, off street parking and 3/4 bath make this the perfect rental. The large French doors lead to a charming patio and private back yard. We're located steps away from the bus-line, two blocks from charming restaurants and upscale markets, and five minutes from Alki Beach. Alki park is also nearby and has a children's play area, tennis courts and paved bike and walkwaysPrivate Penthouse View Suite-close To Airport, City, Alki Beach, all amenities including walking distance to shopping, historic movie theater, restaurants, coffee shops and bars. North Admiral two bedroom penthouse apartment with great city view and 700 sq foot roof top deck. This is a great apartment with two levels of living space. It has a private Master Bedroom with a queen bed and a separate bedroom with a set of bunk beds and  living space with a hide-a-bed couch (full bed) and view of the city. There is an extra fold out cot for one extra guest. The kitchenette has a 2 burner cooktop, convection oven, fridge and freezer as well as a full washer/dryer. This apartment has a lot of space. Apartment is on the 4th and 5th floors with no elevator, so you need to be okay with stairs...but the view is more than worth it.  Modern bathroom has large walk-in shower with dual heads and upscale finishes. Small dogs okay with a deposit.  Wi-Fi is in the building as well as an art gallery, orgLarge 3rd floor studio apartment comfortably fits two, but also has a cot and couch folds down into a bed. Studio sits above a commercial district, so it is private, but can be subject to urban noise Walking distance to everything you need from parks, grocery stores, bars and restaurants Studio apartment with full kitchen, 1 bathroom, washer & dryer I'm available by email or text for any questions Studio sits above a vibrant coffee shop and quaint bar Easy bus access There is no outdoor space in this studio, but very large windows and sunlightThis room has a queen bed, plus a couch that pulls out into a queen size bed. Fits 4 people if you don't mind sharing a bed. The bathroom will be shared with the other bedroom on the same floor. Any additional beds wanted will have to be requested. Bill Bong Thorton's Room (3rd Floor) This room features a plush 'New' Serta Supreme memory foam pillow top mattress,  700+ thread count sheets, Down Pillows, Comforter, throw, blankets on this super comfortable full size bed.. A vintage chair from the William Randolph Hurst Estate purchased for Magical Butter Studios VIP room adorns the room. The vintage 1960's Bong collection brings a certain ambiance to the room. With accent vintage art from the prohibition of Cannabis and real Hemp murals. There is a ton of natural light. This is highly comfortable small suite.  Cannabis Our Past & Our Future (My Buds Room) (3rd Floor)  This room features a plush 'New' Serta Supreme memory foam pillow top mattress,  700+ thread count sheets, Down Pillows,This 1917 Craftsman Bungalow has been lovingly renovated by its architect-owners. With beautiful, open rooms and windows galore, the house is inviting and filled with light. Each room has aesthetic details that make it special. This 1917 Craftsman Bungalow has been lovingly renovated by its architect-owners. With beautiful, open rooms and windows galore, the house is inviting and filled with light. Each room has aesthetic details that make it special: From the large open living room with a traditional brick fireplace to the private Master Bedroom on the top floor, you'll quickly feel as though you've found your home away from home. The basement suite affords privacy for a multi-family stay, even having its own separate side entrance you can use. You'll have the whole basement to yourself, with a well-appointed bathroom and access to the laundry facilities. Another great gathering place is around the kitchen, eating area, countertop sitting bar, and large entertainment/family room. The 2,200 sq.ft. 4 bed/2.5 bath ranch home. Spacious kitchen with 4 skylights. This 2,200 sq.ft. ranch style home has 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, comfortably accommodating up to 6 guests. An open floor plan is ideal for for entertaining company, or simply enjoying time with friends or family. This home is charming, spacious, super convenient, and renovated - great for families or any other group of up to 6. Our guests will be staying mere blocks from great shopping, restaurants, coffee, and more! Alki Beach, where you can have a picnic with incredible views of the sea and the mountains, is a 5 minute drive away. A quick 13 minute commute (via car, bus, or Water Taxi) will take you to downtown Seattle. You'll also be only 20-minutes from SeaTac airport. 15 minutes on foot brings you to Schmitz Park, a beautiful old forest with hiking and walking trails. Our charming, family-friendly, and quiet neighborhood is only 3 blocks from bus stops, coffee shops, and restaurants. Some great eateries iPrivate apartment with private entrance and parking.  Enjoy this self contained 1 bedroom apartment overlooking an urban forest on the east slope of West Seattle.  10 minutes to downtown, transit and water taxi within minutes. This is a comfortable one bedroom apartment.  Has wifi, cable tv, gas fireplace and a private patio/deck with a lush orchard and greenbelt as a view.  The kitchen is well appointed and has washer and dryer in the unit. Park on one side of the driveway.  Proceed under the bridge and down the garden steps to the east side of the property, the yard, orchard, deck with outside seating and private patio.  The entrance will be on your right adjacent to the deck. We live in the upper part of the home.  The apartment is separated by one floor that has our guest room and utility room.  There is little or no sound conduction between these spaces.  We welcome visitors and are excited to share with you the amenities that our neighborhood and West Seattle have to offer. West Located in the heart of West Seattle we are within walking distance to the  Alaska Junction and Alki Beach.  This 2 bedroom and 1.5 bath home comfortably sleeps 4-5 people & comes with a fully fenced yard with an amazing outdoor deck and atmosphere. Located in the heart of West Seattle we are within walking distance to the  Alaska Junction and Alki Beach.  This 2 bedroom and 1.5 bath home comfortably sleeps 4-5 people & comes with a fully fenced yard with an amazing outdoor deck and atmosphere.  Several updates have been made to the 1910 home since we purchased it about a year ago. However, it is a work in progress.  The kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances and fully stocked.  The main bath is quite large and features a stand-alone-shower and  jetted tub.  The master bedroom has a queen size poster bed, flat screen TV, cable and new carpet and paint. Attached is a fully remodeled half bath.  Bedroom number 2 is a spacious room with a twin bed and toddler bed (which we caLarge bedroom with adjacent shared bathroom. This beautiful 1700 SF luxury penthouse apartment was featured in 2006 in Northwest Home and Garden Magazine. Located in downtown West Seattle with easy transit connections to Downtown Seattle. Large bedroom with large closet, Queen bed, fold out sofa, and adjacent bathroom (shared with me).  This 1700 SF luxury penthouse apartment was featured in 2006 in Northwest Home and Garden Magazine. The shared areas are beautiful and have to been seen to be appreciated! You'll have fresh towels and sheets. Breakfast items (granola, oatmeal, fresh fruit, yogurt, milk, coffee/tea) are provided on a self-serve basis and you are of course free to use the kitchen. Features: Queen bed with memory foam mattress Fold-out bed in case you need it Radiant heat  Large private terrace with mountain views Large kitchen and eating area (shared) Wi-Fi  Easy parking on the street Black-out blind on window Please note, another bedroom suite in this apartment is listedThis two bedroom, two bathroom townhouse is located in West Seattle, near Alki. It's three floors, with plenty of windows. The Space This two bedroom, two bathroom townhouse is located in West Seattle, near Alki. It's three floors, with plenty of windows.  The Neighborhood  As Seattle's largest neighborhood, West Seattle has lots to offer visitors. From coffee shops to restaurants to unique shops and boutiques, you'll enjoy exploring this area. The neighborhood of Alki is known as a beach destination, and has a 2.5 mile pedestrian walkway.  Getting Around  Hop on a bus at one of the nearby stops on California Avenue or Admiral Way to explore more of West Seattle. If you want to check out downtown Seattle, the West Seattle Bridge is only 4 miles away by car.  Other Things to Note  Come check out West Seattle by staying in this three-floor townhouse!  Please remember that you will be staying in a home, not a hotel. Therefore, we ask that you treat our space with the same respect you woulWalk to anywhere in minutes! Walk to great restaurants, bars and grocery shops. 25 min walk on a lush forest trail to beautiful Alki Beach. Water taxi will whisk you across to Pike Place Market and downtown Seattle. Perfect town home launching pad! A four floor home with 2 bedrooms and their own bath on the 3rd floor, master and gorgeous soaker tub on the 4th floor. Living and kitchen spaces including gas stove, stainless steel appliances and granite counter tops on 2nd floor. Den and garage on 1st floor. The entire space is available to you. We are available if you need anything! We live a short ferry ride away on the beautiful island of Vashon. Walkability in the West Seattle neighbourhood is 5-15min to everything! Great restaurants, fun local pubs, a movie theatre, library, many grocery stores including natural foods PCC, lots of Starbucks and indie coffee houses for the true Seattle experience. Alki beach is a 25 min walk through beautiful Schmitz Park with bike and paddle board rePrivate Renovated Basement with personal entrance, bathroom and kitchen in single family home located minutes from Alki Beach and downtown Seattle. Nice neighborhood; 1-2 blocks from playground and bus stops for easy travel and fun!  This listing is for renting our completely private, renovated basement. It's like you'll have your own apartment! Home is located in the heart of lovely West Seattle. 15 walk to Alki Beach, 10 min. drive to downtown Seattle. Bus stops located within a 1-2 block radius, close to school playground, within walking distance of grocery store. NO SMOKING. Guests will have private access to the entire basement area. This include very large bedroom with TV (Apple TV with Netflix), kitchen with microwave, small fridge, oven, and plenty of cabinet space, private full bathroom, and laundry room with shared washer and dryer. Guests are also welcome to hang out in the backyard and jump on the trampoline! We are happy to help answer any questions about the city and tran180 degree OCEAN VIEW  Penthouse with a 3000 SF Roof Top in Alki Beach. Beach is across street. Best location for walking, biking, rollerblading, kayaking that Alki has to offer! Water Taxi is across the street that will take you to Downtown Seattle. This Executive penthouse is 2568 SF with 2 bedroom, 2 1/2 baths, large gourmet kitchen and open space.  The main living space is light with 180 degree spectacular view in Alki beach, and views of Puget Sound and Downtown Seattle, arranged in an open floor plan with tall ceilings. Comfortable couch and love seat with 3 large chairs in the living room provide a cozy space to curl up and read, work on a laptop, watch TV, or enjoy the gas fireplace. The dining room has a large glass table that sits 12-16 people with the 180 degree view of Puget Sound and Downtown Seattle. Grand piano adds an elegant to this beautiful luxurious penthouse. Prepare your dinner in the gorgeous designer kitchen with white cabinets, granite counters and stainless apEnjoy a quiet condo building facing a private green belt. But wake up facing a  beautiful Seattle skyline. This unit is upgraded with new wood floors, granite, stainless appliances, private deck. Easy free street parking, walking distance to restaurants, bars, paddle boarding, Alki trail. I am in the process of repairing a spot on my floor, and installing molding around the doors. There are some construction materials in the space and the unit is not completely finished which is why I am offering a stay at a discount. I am highly allergic to cigarette smoke and second hand, so non-smokers only please. Much appreciated :-) You can access my unit from the main entry way using the key provided, and then taking the elevator to the 3rd floor. This is my sole key to the building, so loss of the key will result in the expense to replace it. I am available anytime with questions or concerns during your stay. My unit is in walking distance to Luna Park Café which is a great stop for any meal. AThe bedroom available has a double size bed. The bathroom will be shared with the other bedroom on the same floor. We invested a lot of money in the beds so they are extremely comfortable! Bill Bong Thorton's Room (3rd Floor) This room features a plush 'New' Serta Supreme memory foam pillow top mattress,  700+ thread count sheets, Down Pillows, Comforter, throw, blankets on this super comfortable full size bed.. A vintage chair from the William Randolph Hurst Estate purchased for Magical Butter Studios VIP room adorns the room. The vintage 1960's Bong collection brings a certain ambiance to the room. With accent vintage art from the prohibition of Cannabis and real Hemp murals. There is a ton of natural light. This is highly comfortable small suite.  Cannabis Our Past & Our Future (My Buds Room) (3rd Floor)  This room features a plush 'New' Serta Supreme memory foam pillow top mattress,  700+ thread count sheets, Down Pillows, Comforter, throw, blankets on this super comfortable Queen This is one of those cute simple working class homes from the 40's. Hardwood floors, two rooms, one bath all one floor. Safe and quiet neighborhood but close to fun. BBQ in back. Please note: I don't have a microwave- just don't like em. sorry.   West Seattle is a great neighborhood with some of the best parks and beaches in the city. Its a quick 10 minutes or less to DT and you can take the foot ferry there as well. I am two blocks from Schmitz park that features the last undisturbed old growth forest in the city.  Huge trampoline in the back.  The entire house and off street parking.  I will get you all prepped, but won't be in touch in person. However my sister lives 2 blocks away and is available for help. Three great grocery stores only 3 blocks away, the water taxi you can take Downtown, two blocks away is great pizza, beer and a new grill that just opened, great parks and beaches.  the bus comes by 2 blocks away and there is a free transit bus that takes you to the water taxi/foWest Seattle is a wonderful neighborhood and has all of the amenities at your finger tips. The home is a 10 min walk to the village, 15 min drive to downtown Seattle, 10 min drive to the beach. Visit and live peacefully in this great neighborhood. The house is well appointed with 1928 era specific details combined with  modern updates.  The kitchen and dinning room is located on the upper level and shared.  The lower level is a modernized and completely renovated day light basement for your complete and private use.  The main room in the lower level (a rec room that is suitable as a work space) is well lit, fully furnished and outfitted with a very nice TV/DVD/XBox/stereo. The bedroom is separate and adjacent to the main room. The laundry room is conveniently located down the hall by the rear entrance / mud room which takes you to the back yard.  The bathroom is brand new, complete with modern finishing (heated floor, lighting and ventilation) combined with era specific design - no detThe house was built in 1904 and renovated in 2009. Its our home and we like to offer it up to guests when we are out of town. One bedroom is a kids room with a single bed and a toddler bed and the other bedroom has a queen with a crib.A Seattle Times featured Home- New unobstructed 180 degree Ocean View apartment so close to the water that you will drift off to sleep while relaxing waves lap upon the beach. Close to local coffee shop, bakery, and restaurants. House featured in THE SEATTLE TIMES Unobstructed 180 degree Ocean View studio so close to the water that you will drift off to sleep while relaxing waves lap upon the beach. Take in the beauty of nature while walking down to the local coffee shop, bakery, and restaurants. We are NOT beachfront. Our studio is a short walk up the hill from the beach, approximately 1 minute walk.  A Welcome Kit will also greet you upon your arrival! THE SPACE: Just imagine if you could wake up and see the ocean and hear the seagulls in the morning? Or, possibly sight an orca or some resting seals? Our new studio offers you a true beach house stay on Seattle's infamous Alki Beach.  We built this house in October 2013 and has been a dream of ours to share our Beach escape with otherModern, city/water view condo located right on the trail, just a short walk to the best views in Seattle. Near Parks, & downtown Seattle. Easy access to transit, Freeways, water taxi. local coffee shop, Dining, Bakeries and so much more! Spectacular Views of the Seattle Skyline. The Condo is Modern, clean with a cozy gas fireplace and huge balcony.  only a $10-$15 cab ride to downtown Seattle. A Very quick and easy access to freeways. Free street parking I always meet with my guests when the first arrive and will answer any questions and make sure they are comfortable. I will be easily accessible through text or phone for questions, comments or concerns. I am more then happy to recommend places to guests that are not familiar with the Seattle area. Alki Beach is the principal tourist attraction. It features sand, saltwater, bungalows, and unique local restaurants. Salty's on Alki is and award-winning Northwest seafood and steak cuisine, voted Best of Western Washington seafood and wateCozy, clean, private 1 bedroom in popular West Seattle. This backyard cottage offers lots of light, full kitchen. Close to parks, natural grocery, shops, theaters, restaurants, bus & banks. Five minutes drive to Alki Beach & the downtown water-taxi. On site parking. One queen bed; twin air mattress available for third guest (fee applies for 3rd guest). Backyard and lawn chairs available for outdoor relaxing. You will have the entire separate cottage, with a private entrance adjacent to the parking area. We are frequently home across the lawn from the cottage if you need help or travel advice. Though we like to give guests privacy, we're a phone call or text away if needed as well. We're on a residential street one block from California Avenue, the main route to West Seattle shopping and services. Easy access to I-5 and Hwy 99 too. Parks: Walk to Hiawatha Park a block away, with high-tech poly running track, playground and summer wading pool. Just a little further, past a great viewpoinA private & lovely room in West Seattle.  Very conveniant,  just 4 blocks North of the Alaska Junction, 10 minutes walk to Alki and minutes from Downtown Seattle.   Come stay with us in our home and enjoy all that Seattle has to offer.Come experience our spacious home with contemporary decor. You'll love this home. We have three guest rooms for use. Just 7 minute walk to Seattle water taxi to downtown. Easy access to Pikes Market, Alki Beach, and all the attractions in Seattle. We have three separate guest bedrooms to accommodate a few or many. The max allowed for each room is two people. Each room is equipped with a queen size bed (sleeps two), a closet, and two dressers. All bedding is fresh and laundered before guest arrives. Fresh towels and travel sized toiletries are provided if needed. Our house, is your house. Guests share a separate bathroom from us. You have access to the living room, dining room, kitchen, and two outdoor decks. Anything else you may need, please just ask. The living room is equipped with Netflix and cable. Additionally, the house is equipped with wifi as well. Me and my husband live here full time. We are friendly people and open to all. We are open to little or as much interaction as youA 600 sq ft independent, bright open plan studio in a quiet, dead-end-street house in W Seattle. A wall of windows shows Downtown & Space Needle across the glorious valley. Furnished living, dining, kitchen, bedroom, closet & en-suite bathroom. 600 sq ft of open plan and full wall of  windows makes it light, bright and airy. Flight of stairs take you to the studio. Fully furnished kitchen, washer & dryer and has its own entry / exit. We can arrange to give you the keys when you arrive. Please give us your Estimated Time of Arrival (ETA) and Departure (ETD) for key and housekeeping arrangements as soon as your plans are confirmed :-) We live in part of the house and are available most of the time. We are in a very established, quiet and clean neighborhood on a dead-end, narrow street. The house is walking distance from Safeway, Met Market, PCC, banks, nice restaurants and Seattle transit bus stops.   Starbucks HQ in Sodo is 10 minutes Free shuttle to the water taxi which takes you downtCome stay in our sweet, pet-friendly home. We live on a quiet street less than a ten minute walk down to popular Alki Beach! See what West Seattle has to offer -- rent a paddle board or kayak, eat at Bakery Nouveau, or just relax in our beautiful backyard. Getting downtown is easy too! Take the bus or beautiful water taxi, or with a car get to Pike Place Market in less than 20 minutes.This 1904 Queen Anne style home is located in a quiet, kid friendly neighborhood in the affluent North Admiral neighborhood of West Seattle. It is full of period charm with convenient updates. Stunning views of the Sound, Downtown, and Space Needle.A 1000 sq ft independent studio on a quiet dead-end street in W Seattle. A wall of windows overlooking the Seattle Skyline, Puget Sound and surrounded by green space. Fully furnished living, dining and bedroom areas with an en suite bathroom. 950 sq ft of open plan and full wall of  windows makes it light, bright and airy.  Fully furnished kitchen, washer & dryer and has its own entry / exit. The whole studio will be available to you. We shall arrange to give you the keys when you arrive. Please give us your Estimated Time of Arrival (ETA) and Departure (ETD) for key and housekeeping arrangements as soon as your plans are confirmed :-) We live in part of the house and shall be available at all times. It is a beautiful, clean, established, quiet neighborhood on a narrow dead-end street in West Seattle. The house is walking distance from Safeway, Met Market, PCC, banks, nice restaurants and Seattle transit bus stops.   Free shuttle to the water taxi which takes you downtown is within walTranquil, hand-built apartment with separate entrance; once featured as AIA home of the month.  This studio, has a queen bed, couch, dining table, mini-fridge, microwave, sink, and small tiled bathroom with European style shower. One parking space, nearby parks, on a quiet dead end street. Hostess is nearby for any questions and concerns.  A friendly family lives in a house on the same property, but want you to enjoy your private apartment without disturbance. West Seattle has beautiful views of the sound and the Seattle skyline.  There a lots of great restaurants to check out and there is close access to Alki  beach.   NOTE: West Seattle is very hilly!  While this affords amazing views, walking around requires a bit of determination and vitality (urban hiking?). Check out the West Seattle water taxi!Large bedroom suite with private bathroom. This beautiful 1700 SF luxury penthouse apartment was featured in 2006 in Northwest Home and Garden Magazine. Located in downtown West Seattle with easy transit connections to Downtown Seattle. Large bedroom suite with private bathroom. Queen size bed has memory foam mattress. Please note, you will be sharing the apartment with me and my 19 year old son. We are tidy and quiet (and not home that much) and welcome guests with the same mindset. This 1700 SF luxury penthouse apartment was featured in 2006 in Northwest Home and Garden Magazine. The shared areas are beautiful and have to been seen to be appreciated! You'll have fresh towels and sheets. Breakfast items (granola, oatmeal, fresh fruit, yogurt, milk, coffee/tea) are provided on a self-serve basis and you are of course free to use the kitchen. Features:  Queen bed with memory foam mattress  Radiant heat  Large private terrace with mountain views  Large kitchen and eating area  Wi-Fi  EasCome stay in our cozy and very comfortable 1 bedroom apartment above Luna Park. We are situated right above the Luna Park Café on the first floor of a 3 story beautiful home. The views and location are outstanding as is the apartment. Please ask for anything additional or special you may need and we will do or best to fulfill your request. Metro Bus Uber Lyft Yellow Cab Air BNB does not hold out a sales tax so a 9.6 sales tax will be added as a service fee.Clean, cozy, and comfortable house within walking distance to Admiral and Alaska junctions. Walk to Alki beach and catch the water taxi to downtown or eat at the famous Marination Nation. Quiet street with nice neighbors. The house sits up off the street. It has several stairs going up. The house has 4 bedrooms, one full bed, one twin bed, two twins, one queen. 1 extra twin mattress. One bedroom is in the basement. The basement is remodeled with cork flooring and heated tile flooring in the bathroom.  Currently the wall oven is a 24". Not the greatest size for cooking a turkey dinner.  Because the house sits up off the street you have a sense of privacy here. There is a territorial view and the sunrise is worth getting up for. We do have neighbors and you can see the houses but it feels more private than at street level. One large driveway for off street parking and plenty of street parking for more cars. You have full access to all of the house except the garage and some of the closetThe THC Master Suite is a private room on the entire 4th floor with a King size bed, AC, extra large tub for two with his and her sinks in private bathroom. "Honeymoon suite"! The High Cave (THC Suite) The Full Floor Master (4th Floor)  The THC Suite is a quite get away for you or with that special someone. This 4 story view, air-conditioned, extra large tub for two, duel sink and private bathroom, with an in room Volcano vaporizer, Lithium Ion Dab Rig, Munchies, and more is truly the Highest place in the house. "Except when the chef is cooking!" The California King Sleigh Bed is sporting the best Serta' Mattress we could find. 1200 thread count sheets, Down Duvet, Private Water Cooler, DVD, TV, Weather Station, and Radios. Tiffany Lamps, Burled wood tables and the door from Gandalf's (Lord of the Rings) house, and the Art of Science Fiction, Movies from around the world and many other oddities adorn the walls. Did I mention there is a head of Sasquatch wearing a Fedora.  Your going toWe look forward to welcoming to our contemporary suite  with sitting room kitchenette, deck.  Olympic Mountain views from all windows. Shared entrance - stairs to private suite. Single futon avail for third guest. Quiet area. Bus downtown 2 blocks. A modern home with a European feel.  The stairs open up to sitting room with French doors to your deck.  From the sitting room a  door opens into your large master bedroom with comfortable Queen bed, TV and lots of reading material.  Enjoy the large bathroom with seat in the shower! We are about two miles north of the Market Street, in the heart of Ballard.  A bus two blocks away can take you there, and continues on to downtown. A quiet street in a nice neighborhood.  Lots of off street parking.  Walk to restaurants. WALK TO THE BEACH FROM HOME - just 20 minutes - through a wooded trail in Carkeek Park, which begins just two blocks away.  Also a myriad of other hiking trails in the park. You can visit Golden Gardens beach and the Shilshole MAwesome room in great Seattle neighborhood . Close to Ballard, Greenwood, nightlife, shopping. Right on bus line. The room is available  by the night beginning Dec. 1st or for an entire week. Nightly price is $35, For the week $200.  All household items and wifi included. You will have access to all amenities, kitchen, cookware, wifi, Cable TV. I'm the only one who lives here and I work so you will pretty much have a lot of time to yourselves. Public transit stops right in front of the door. There are 2 sweet kitties in the house. They are clean and tidy.THE 5-STAR HOUSE, IS GIVING YOU A SPECIAL PRICE DISCOUNT PER ROOM FOR  THE WINTER AND SPRING UNTIL : MAY-31-2015 IN JUNE 1ST 2015, THE PRICE WILL GO BACK TO $ 80.00 / NIGHT (URL HIDDEN)60.00 PER NIGHT      $    400.00 PER WEEK      $ 1,500.00 PER MONTH The Space or The Private Room Comfortable, modern & respectable bilingual home in nice north Ballard neighborhood, safe and clean, 10 minutes by car to Space Needle, Pacific Science Center, Downtown Seattle, Ferries, Boat rides, Taxi boats to West Seattle and Alki beach, the Argosy Cruises, and Ride the Duck, Seattle Aquarium, Seattle Art Museum, EMP museum (Experience Music Project), Woodland Park Zoo, Chinatown and other amenities.  The Ballard neighborhood itself is full of attractions of its own including nightlife, movies, a excellent bookshop, restaurants and bars, great live music, delicious organic produce at the Ballard Market and the fantabulous Ballard Farmer's Market every Sunday morning rain or shine with far more than food My home is located in the Blue Ridge neighborhood, just north of downtown Seattle.   You'll have access to the TV room and the family room for a fire and book.  I welcome you to come relax! Very nice, recently remodeled home.  Home is nestled in upscale north Seattle neighborhood. Hardwood floors and new paint! Full size room and queen bed.  Comes with 4 pillows and comfortable bed.   Family room, living room, kitchen, laundry room facilities, bedroom and bathroom. As much as they want.  My daughter stays with me 40% of the time. Short walk to Carkeek Park and the beach.  Neighborhood is very quiet.  Short walk to the busline for downtown Seattle and Ballard where there is tons of great restaurants. Bus - Rapid Ride D line We have cable television which you are free to use.  We get all the soccer channels and HBO. Just can't use the television during Seahawks games!Warm family home 15 minutes north of downtown Seattle by bus and 30 minutes from UW.  Ideal for international couple looking for homestay or a long term visitor.  King size bed with attached bath.  Large closet and dressers.  Can add desk if needed. We have a four bedroom home in northwest Seattle (near NW 85th St. and 8th Ave. NW).  This bedroom has a California king size bed, two large dressers, a large closet and an attached bath with shower. Guests have access to the public areas in the house: kitchen, dining room, living room, laundry room, rec room downstairs with Xbox, etc.  We have hi-speed wireless Internet accessible throughout the house. We have hosted many international guests including a medical researcher from Vietnam for a year.   We are happy to assist guests with getting around Seattle.  Also open to a discussing a home-stay arrangement in which guests join us for breakfast and dinner. We live north of Ballard and west of Greenwood within walking distance of the supermThe Little Red House is in the charming Greenwood neighborhood in Seattle. Home is toddler and baby friendly :)  Good for up to 2 adults. A quiet place to kick back during your Seattle trip. Room for yoga and general decompressing! :)  Our space is friendly for kids, and is toddler proof. Your rental includes your guest bedroom (1 full size bed.) Shared bathroom, living room, kitchen, and laundry. Parking right out front. Small yard. If you'd like any recommendations or have any questions I'd be glad to help you out. Lovely Greenwood neighborhood. Accessible to the bus lines. But probably more in line with travelers with cars...Incredible amount of space with really nice amenities!  Full kitchen, washer/dryer, nicely appointment bath with soaking tub- welcome home! In total the apartment is ~ 1,000 square feet.  In addition to the fantastic king size bed in the bedroom, there is the queen size futon and a queen size Frontgate Essential EZ bed when needed.  It can be adjusted to varying degree of firmness. The apartment is completely separate, however there is a family upstairs, you will hear us out and about as it is the lower level of our home. On occasion we may come down to do laundry if you are out. You can text to communicate any needs. You can use the wood burning fireplace, as long as you are very diligent about it and do not leave a fire going when you go out.  Please do not forget to open the flue. Guests have their own entrance.  There is a wifi network available, you receive the code upon confirmation of reservation.   We enjoy meeting our guests, but it is not necessary to do so.  You are here forBeautiful 3,500 square foot custom built home in the heart of Crown Hill/Ballard area.  10 minutes to bustling ballard filled with amazing food/bar scene, and only 10 miles to downtown Seattle.This is a lovely room in a comfortable house in the North end with great views. Sleep well at night away from the noise of the city but still have easy access to N-S routes and all of Seattle's many delightful attractions. My guest room is spacious (13'x11'), clean and artfully furnished with antiques. The house is a comfortable 1950's mid-century modern rambler with beautiful light and gleaming hardwood floors at the north end of Seattle (and the north end of Ballard). This is a neighborhood of tree lined streets. You may use the whole house but for my office. You can sleep well (its really quiet here) in a Simmons Beautyrest double bed. Pillows: choose from down, polyester, or memory foam: whatever feels like home. You are welcome cook in my fully equipped kitchen and even use my spices as long a you clean up after yourself. You're also welcome to use the large 2nd story deck which overlooks the backyard, trees and the Cascade Mountains. You are welcome to do yoga in the sacred basemTHE 5-STAR HOUSE, IS GIVING YOU A SPECIAL PRICE DISCOUNT PER ROOM FOR  THE WINTER AND SPRING UNTIL MAY 31ST 2015 IN JUNE 1ST 2015, THE PRICE WILL GO BACK TO $80.00 / NIGHT(URL HIDDEN)55.00 PER NIGHT      $    365.00 PER WEEK      $ 1,350.00 PER MONTH Comfortable & respectful home in nice neighborhood, safe and clean, 10 minutes by car to Space Needle, Pacific Science Center, Downtown Seattle, Ferries, Boat ride, Taxi boat to west Seattle and Alki Beach, The Argosy Cruises,  Ride the Duck, Seattle Aquarium, Seattle Art Museum, EMP museum (Experience Music Project), Woodland Park zoo,   China Town and other amenities   I will advise you to get the Seattle city pass that will include 6 different Seattle attraction that will include a visit to Museum of flight.  This tickets can be found at the EMP museum. WiFi intenet, cable, TV. access and FREE parking just in front of the house on a wide street. The bedroom have all the necessary staff like utensils, dishes,glasses, silverware,  large rFun 2 bedroom apartment in the residential neighborhood of Ballard in north Seattle. Just a quick drive to downtown Ballard for many great restaurants, cinema, shops and the Ballard Locks. Bus to downtown Seattle, and to the sports stadiums  just 2 blocks away and about 1/2 block to the bus to University of Washington  and University sports stadium. Home includes Cable TV,DVD player, and wireless internet.  Two bedrooms with Queen sized beds and sofa in living room opens to a queen sized bed, fully furnished and equipped with everything for cooking and BBQing. Back patio with BBQ table and place for six.(URL HIDDEN)****** ***TWO NIGHT BOOKINGS ACCEPTED ONLY ON TWO NIGHT VACANCIES  BETWEEN TWO OTHER BOOKINGS.***(URL HIDDEN) Will discount cleaning fee(URL HIDDEN) **************(URL HIDDEN)**Summer rates May 15th to September 10th $170. a night   -  $15 per night -each guest over 4 $1100. a week   $15. a night -each guest over 4 3 night minimum stay - 4 nights on week ends ** Special 2 niNestled in Crown Hill just north of Ballard, this modern, light-filled house with private yard offers easy access to Seattle's many neighborhoods. It features beautiful gardens, generous cable package, & easy street parking. Carkeek Park nearby! This recently remodeled, sophisticated, artistic, and modern 1100 square-foot home features two bedrooms and one bathroom, plenty of light, a beautiful garden, fenced back yard, and a relaxing and cozy vibe. It is also eco-friendly, as the electrical system is supported by solar energy! The house features recessed lighting, hardwood floors, fireplace, dishwasher, a generous cable package including HBO and Showtime on demand, many free movies available, and wireless internet access. The 2 twin XL beds are suitable for adults and children, as they are the same length as a queen sized bed.  A separate laundry room allows guests to stay neat and clean while traveling.  A beautiful front yard garden features many native plants, and offers wildlife vQuiet, serene, comfortable house surrounded by a lush garden. Walking distance to grocery stores, some restaurants.  Bus transportation into downtown Ballard and downtown Seattle are just a few blocks away. Parks  and Garden Nursery Center nearby. Lots of light and window space in main living/kitchen area that  faces a small zen sculpture garden from the window kitchen as well as beautiful larger garden. Gas Fireplace to cozy up with a good book or knitting project or simply day dreaming. Front or back door of house. As available as needed. We are happy to help. Quiet, close to Golden Gardens Park and Sunset Hill lookout. A variety of stores in walking distance, including a fantastic bakery as well as a beautiful garden center with cafe. Public Bus transportation to downtown, Greenlake and other convenient transfer options. Bus Stop is in very close walking distance. Our cat may be inquisitive to who roams her place and yard.Great location; far enough to be peaceful, close enough to be convenient.  Sleep well in the ultra comfortable beds, enjoy relaxing in the garden after a hard day of sightseeing or being out and about this great city of ours. 455 sq. Ft. Lower Garden Level Guest Suites plus Garden Sitting room for relaxing.  The entire guest suite consisting of 2 guest rooms and one full bathroom are rented only to your party. You have access to the mini kitchen/laundry room as part of your guest suite. You will not be sharing the space with other travelers. A bit of trivia, the Mini Kitchen/Laundry room has had over 60,000 hits on Houzz and has been featured in two Houzz articles, one for Laundry rooms and the other for great storage ideas. Room Type: Private 2 Bedrooms, 1 Bath Bed:  1st Guestroom Queen size bed, 2nd Guestroom X-Long Twin  Bathroom: 1 Bath separates the 2 guest rooms with heated tile floor, tub/shower combo, hair dryer. Ironing board, iron  and washer and dryer are available. Flat scrThe Little Red House is in the charming Greenwood neighborhood in Seattle. Home is toddler and baby friendly :) Good for up to 4 adults. Cozy, airy and bright, the perfect spot for your Holiday Vacation! This is a holistically minded house.Relax in our minimalist-inspired lower level bedroom with spa-like private bathroom.  Located in the sleepy neighborhood of Crown Hill, you will be in prime distance to Golden Gardens, Carkeek Park, Greenwood and Ballard neighborhoods. Your mini-suite includes a private bathroom with jet-tub, heated towel rack and heated floor. The bedroom includes a sleep number bed, small sitting area, a large Smart flat-screen TV complete with access to local channels and Netflix (you're welcome to sign-on to your own Amazon prime account if you want to order movies), a selection of tea, Stumptown coffee, filtered water, microwave, small fridge/freezer, an air filter (has been used as a fan and white-noise machine), and a diffuser with complimentary essential oils to make your stay exceptional! Your entry is on the bottom level in front of the house.  Long-term guests (weekly or monthly) will be able to arrange a day each week to do laundry. Please let us know if you need an iron/ironing board. You Spacious three bedroom two story  apartment in the residential neighborhood of Ballard in north Seattle. Just a quick drive to downtown Ballard for many great restaurants, cinema, shops and the Ballard Locks. Bus to downtown Seattle, and to the sports stadiums  just 2 blocks away and about 1/2 block to the bus to University of Washington  and University sports stadium. Home includes Cable TV, DVR, DVD player, and wireless internet.  Three  bedrooms with Queen sizd beds, two full baths  fully furnished and equipted with everything for cooking and BBQing. Back patio with BBQ table and place for six.There is also a sofa bed for a possibility of 8 guests. If the "Fun Apartment in Ballard" is available the two apartments can be rented for large family or group for a total  of 12 to 14 guests(URL HIDDEN)****** ***TWO NIGHT BOOKINGS ACCEPTED ONLY ON TWO NIGHT VACANCIES  BETWEEN TWO OTHER BOOKINGS.***(URL HIDDEN)Will discount cleaning fee(URL HIDDEN) *******(URL HIDDEN)******(URL HIDDEN)SummerOur cool and comfy one bedroom is located just minutes from Green-lake and Ballard. It has its private bathroom, walk-in-closet and outdoor patio. Everything you need is a walk away: groceries shopping, restaurants, bars, and bus line to downtown. This is a unique listing because it is located in prime location near Fred-Meyer, Safeway, between Ballard, Greenwood and Green Lake. The unit is part of four-town-home building newly constructed.  The guest will have access to the kitchen and living room area. The third floor is off limits.  We come from a food sharing culture. So we always love to have people over when we make dinner at home.  The neighborhood is peaceful and quiet, that is why we pick it. The neighbors are very friendly.  Yes, the bus stops for the lines to downtown are just a few blocks away. The guest will have access to the kitchen and living room area. We come from a food sharing culture. So we always love to have people over when we make dinner at home. The neighborhoPrivate room and entrance, Queen Bed, Queen pull-out couch, private bathroom, shared laundry & fridge.  Netfilx/DVD or HDMI for laptop,   and free street parking.  Excellent lighting. Enjoy the walkable Greenwood neighborhood, and 5 minutes to all Ballard & Fremont offer; 30 mins from SeaTac Airport; on bus line 20 mins to Downtown.  Carkeek Park for trail runs and views of the Olympic Mountains over Puget Sound just down the street. Great location to many of the attractions that the city of Seattle has to offer.  Walkable neighborhood to coffee, breakfast, trails and groceries. Guests will have access to private entrance, private bedroom, bathroom eating table, microwave and place settings for four.  Shared laundry & fridge. We will be available when you need us, and happy to help.  But our guess is that you want your privacy, which you will have.  We are upstairs if you need anything or have any questions about navigating Seattle. The Greenwood neighborhood has an abundance of good eRent my remodeled Ballard home while I'm gone.  It's a great house that I just remodeled.  Enjoy it.  I do.       THE 5-STAR HOUSE, IS GIVING YOU A SPECIAL PRICE DISCOUNT PER ROOM FOR  THE WINTER AND SPRING UNTIL: MAY- 31-2015. IN JUNE 1ST 2015, THE PRICE WILL  BE AT REGULAR PRICE $80 / NIGHT. (URL HIDDEN)58.00 PER NIGHT      $    385.00 PER WEEK      $ 1,450.00   The Space or The Private Room Comfortable & respectful home in nice neighborhood, safe and clean, 10 minutes by car to Space Needle, Pacific Science Center, Downtown Seattle, Ferries, Boat rides, Taxi boats to West Seattle and Alki beach, The Argosy Cruises, and Ride the Duck, Seattle Aquarium, Seattle Art Museum, EMP museum (experience Music Project) Woodland Park zoo, China Town and other amenities  I will advise you to get the Seattle city pass special to see at least 6 different Seattle attractions that will include the Museum of flight tour. This can be found at the EMP museum.  Wi-Fi high speed internet, with antivirus protection, cable, TV, Netflix, and FREE street parking. You can watch TV all night in your room, just need to turWelcome to my delicious Tangerine Dream:  A colorful and cozy 900 sq ft 2BR/1BA mother-in-law apartment, in the heart of the West Seattle Junction.  Enjoy a spacious open floor plan surrounded by beautiful tile mosaics and fabulous colors.  Open your french doors into a  sweet backyard garden.  Ready to adventure out?  You can walk to everything! The Tangerine Dream is a delightful, cozy mother-in-law apartment below The Adorable Sweet Orange Craftsman. This artistic haven occupies 900 sq ft  with 2 bedrooms (queens) and 1 full bath, in an open floor plan.  It was carefully built and designed for nesting in a creative space, while you cozy up to a sweet, gas fireplace in the corner of the living room. Rich colors, mosaic tile patterns, terracotta floors with large area rugs, delight the artist in you and invite you to relax.  Enjoy a movie on your flat screen HDTV or access WiFi anywhere, inside or out.    When the sun beckons you, throw open your french doors to a bright and colorful Quiet & cozy private room. Comfy queen bed; fresh linens, quilt & down comforter. Closet, dresser & reading chair. Attached bath; thick towels & robes. Keurig. Enjoy coffee on the patio. Easy walk to "C" Line Bus to downtown Seattle sightseeing. We are located in the heart of the West Seattle Alaska St. Junction. Easy walking distance to the WS Farmers Market open every Sunday, 10am-2pm and the WSArt Walk every 2nd Thursday of each month as well as many restaurants, shops, great coffee and the bus line.  Less than 5 miles to CLINK (Home of the Seahawks)! and Safeco Field. Enter/exit home through garage/patio door on north side of house after check-in (front door).  Access includes: downstairs bedroom with attached bathroom plus tv room. Also, back patio if weather cooperates :)  A refrigerator in the garage near entry will be stocked with continental style breakfast items & may be used for personal food/drink items.  Coffee service including a Keurig machine is located in the TV room aMake yourself at home in a private room and bath just 15 minutes from downtown.  We are in a quiet neighborhood that is within minutes Seattle's best sights.  We love living here and think you will too! Your space includes a private bedroom and bathroom.  The bedroom has a full size bed and a closet for storing your personal belongings.  It is a clean and cozy space and the bed is firm.  We have wifi internet available for guests.   Our home is best fitted for guests who are traveling to Seattle and will be outside of the house during the day. We provide a very clean and comfortable room & bathroom that is conveniently located within the city.  However, we do not offer a true communal / lounge space. You will have access to enter the front and backdoor with a key. If needed, we are available to help you plan out your Seattle trip and have recommendations on tourist sites, restaurants, and commuting to your destination. Our home is located in a quiet, pleasant neighborhood in West SeattThe Sweet Orange is a delightful and spacious 2 BR/1BA home with urban views of the mountains and sound.  Classic charm and super comfy, all in a fantastic location!  In a lovely neighborhood only 3 blocks from center of the West Seattle Junction! The Sweet Orange invites you to stay and play, in West Seattle's best neighborhood: The Junction.   This ultra cool and colorful turn of the century home is tastefully and comfortably furnished.  It is 1200 sq ft, with 2 bedrooms (king & queen), 1 full bath , a well-equipped kitchen, living and dining area.  There is a pull-out twin sofa in the sun room, off the master bedroom.  The main living area has hardwood floors with large area rugs and a cozy gas fireplace.  There are rich colors and textures throughout.  Amenities include 2 flat screen TV's, DVD, DVR, WIFI, dishwasher, and a Stok charcoal grill.  Greet the sun with your morning coffee on the grand front porch, and enjoy your NW wines on the sunny back deck!  There is an urban view toQuiet, yet urban town home features living space on the main floor and two bedrooms and two bathrooms on the upper floor. There is a private patio with BBQ and a designated parking space. The town home is less than 2 minutes from the freeway This urban retreat is quiet and well appointed. All linens included, full washer and dryer in the unit along with fully stocked kitchen cupboards. Guests will enjoy Cable TV, WiFi, all linens, pots, pans, board games...all in a cozy and private setting. I'm available by phone, email or text any time. I have backup numbers in case you can't get ahold of me. The town home is conveniently located close to all amenities, parks, and midway between downtown and the airport. The neighborhood is easy walking to Trader Joes, plenty of parks. It's a short drive to Alki Beach and Downtown. Bus Routes are half a block away on Fauntleroy Ave SW, north goes directly to Downtown, south takes you to Lincoln Park and the Vashon Ferry. You can also head north to AdmOur spacious studio accommodates two guests.   The Starlight is light and airy, with a view of the Puget Sound and Olympic Mountains. In the front alcove is a queen-sized Sleep Number bed.  The studio is great for one couple or a family with one child young enough to sleep in our pack 'n' play, which we can provide upon request.  There is a tv with 140+ satellite channels and DVD player, and a desk where you can set up your laptop to take advantage of our high-speed wireless internet. In the kitchen, you will find a refrigerator, oven/stove, coffee maker, and microwave.  The cabinets are filled with all the dishes and equipment you will need to prepare a snack or meal.  We stock coffee and some pantry items to get you started.     The bathroom includes all the necessities.  It has a shower only, no bathtub.   The studio occupies the second story of a rambling Craftsman-style home. The studio and main floor have separate entries and are completely closed off from one another inside. YouEnjoy our spacious apartment with gorgeous views of Puget Sound and Olympic Mts.  Perfect for two with a full kitchen,  large living room, bedroom, and bath. Wifi and cable tv.  Quiet neighborhood close to transit, dining and shops.  Lovely! Your home away from home has a beautiful view of the Puget Sound and the Olympic Mountains.   The neighborhood is quiet.  Fully equipped kitchen for you to enjoy your culinary delights.  Relax with your coffee (Keurig) and enjoy the fabulous view on the back deck.  The living room has cable tv, Wifi for your laptop or tablet.   Your bedroom has a queen bed, reading lights, comfy pillows, luggage racks, and a big closet with extra blankets.   The bathroom has a shower,  fluffy towels,  soaps, lotion, shampoo, and hairdryer.  Laundry is available upon request.  You have a your own private entrance and a parking spot in the back. The ground level apartment is all yours.    You have your own private entrance and a parking spot in the back or on the strA Seattle Times Pacific NW Magazine showcase!  800 sf open-concept studio for 3, King-size memory-foam bed, high-end sleeper, Sound & mountain views, Fireplace, Private outdoor areas, 10 min. to Downtown, Alki Beach, Walk to bus and Morgan Junction. Live for a time like you're on the set of Madmen in 800 square feet of authentic, midcentury modern style, all part of a 1958 custom-built home by Swedish-born designer, Martin Ollas.  This spacious, open-concept studio apartment is set to sleep you, and up to 2 others, in total comfort and style.  Proud with pedigree, is a jewel within the showcase home praised for its architectural style and interior design chops, appearing in a full-feature layout for Seattle Times' Pacific NW Magazine. Punctuated with original art and furnished with a mix of modern and period designer pieces, The Shag is a skillful blend of the iconic past and all the modern upgrades one would expect in a contemporary boutique vacation rental setting.  Well-appointed eaBasement suite w/separate entrance. One bedroom w/recreation room. Small TV & internet access. Toilet, lg. utility sink.  No shower or bathtub. Sm. sitting area w/fridge, coffee press & toaster provided. Outside sitting area. Restaurant, shops & bus line 5mins away! Our home is prefect for a quick visit to West Seattle. There are lots of restaurants a few blocks away. City bus to downtown one block away. Downtown Seattle is just 5 min drive over the bridge.  My favorite thing to do on a nice day is take the free bus to the West Seattle ferry dock down at Alki beach. The ferry takes you right down town! Lots of safe street parking. We will meet up with you at the house. You'll have a separate entrance, no access to upstairs. We are pretty flexible. Our house is clean. we have no pets. Please provide a little information about yourself. West seattle Brewery, Rudys barbershop, Trader Joes, Budda Ruksa (Thai restaurant) one block from home. Uber, city bus, budget car rental all close. No sThis amazing Craftsman home is located in the heart of West Seattle.  Walking distance from fantastic eateries and shops.  It's only minutes driving distance from downtown Seattle. Open dining and living rooms create a wonderful family friendly environment.  There is an office on the main floor next to the bedroom with two desks and printers.  Upstairs there is a game room with 2 twin beds and another bedroom with a queen bed.  There is also a master bath upstairs.  There is a another bedroom upstairs not currently available for customer use.  There is a deep freezer in the game room closet that will not be available for use. We have tenants that live in the mother-in-law apartment in the basement.   They are great and quiet.  We do not share any common areas, except back yard.  They have a very friendly Brittney Spaniel that we never hear.  The parking behind the house is theirs, please do not use. We will be accessible by telephone and a neighbor available for emergencies. Plenty of Looking for something close to the city, but away from the hustle and bustle? You'll love West Seattle! Our town house features two real beds, fits four comfortably, and is just minutes from downtown, Lincoln Park, Alki Beach and more. Whole townhouse with 2 bedrooms (1 king bed and 1 queen-sized bed) with a full bathroom upstairs and half bathroom downstairs.  Your Room Includes:  4 Blocks from Rapid Transit Bus Line 10 minutes from downtown Seattle by car Linens Provided  Towels Provided  Use of Kitchen and Utensils  Use of Living and Dining Rooms  1100 Square Foot Town House  Downstairs is an open floor-plan - kitchen, dining area, laundry area and sunken living room. We have a flat screen TV and dry bar filled with board games. The living room is flanked by a wall of windows. We get wonderful light year-round.  In the summer, we use a motorized retractable awning to minimize glare.  Our living room opens onto a secluded patio. We have comfortable chairs and a gas barbecue.  UpstairThis funky 101-year old backyard cottage has been lovingly updated in recent years. Although you may feel like you're worlds away from it all when tucked inside, you will actually be just 2-1/2 blocks from the heart of of West Seattle. Pre-war charm meets modern convenience: Soak in the original claw-foot tub or enjoy a steaming shower with the new on-demand hot water system. Snuggle up with your loved one in the antique full-sized bed. Enjoy your morning coffee in the sun-drenched dining nook, or walk just a few blocks to C&P coffee - a local favorite. Whip up gourmet meals in the large kitchen with new gas range.  Stay connected with high speed wifi and lounge in front of the satellite tv in your down time. The entire cottage.  Shared yard space.  On-street parking on 42nd Ave SW (very quiet and easy to find a spot).  Sorry - the garage and alley are off-limits for guest parking. We allow guests complete privacy, but are only a phone call, text, or e-mail away is needed.   Our neighb3+ BR family home in West Seattle. Sleeps 8. A reader's paradise. Books in every room. Steps to coffee shop and Rapid bus (10m to downtown and Seattle Center). 5 blocks to retail, restaurants & bars.  Gourmet kitchen. Spa bath. Perfect for kids. We hope you love our family home as much as we do! Cook in our kitchen, play our instruments, and have the kids play with the WII-U (or the dolls and legos) You'll have the entire house. We will be out of town, but you'll have our contact info as well as nearby friends and neighbors who can provide help if needed. We are five blocks from the West Seattle junction, with amazing restaurants, bars, galleries, theater, and local shops.  Every Sunday there is a large farmer's market.  We have close access to waterfront parks and beaches, with easy kayaking and paddle boarding.  Steps away is C&P Coffee, the friendliest coffee shop in Seattle. We are steps from the rapidride C line, which gets you downtown in 10 minutes and to Seattle Center in 15. TClassic 1920's cottage at the top of a hill in West Seattle. Beautiful views. Please see Cottage in West Seattle on Airbnb to rent the entire cottage for $117/night. Sleeps 3-5. This rental is for the Guest Bedroom, in a shared house. You might have the entire house to yourself, or owners or guests may be onsite in the Main Bedroom. We almost never rent just a single bedroom, as demand for the entire cottage is high. Please see Cottage in West Seattle on Airbnb to rent the entire cottage for $117/night (airbnb.com/rooms/153967). PAYMENT If you prefer to work through Vacation Rental By Owner, and pay through PayPal, this listing can be found by searching for #368650. You can also have a refundable cleaning fee and clean the cottage yourself through this other site. Yes 2 bedrooms and 1 bath conveniently located next to everything. Downtown, Space Needle, Alki Beach, Lincoln Park, SeaTac (SEA) airport, grocery, restaurants, bus line We are new to AirBnb but life long residents of Seattle. Working in real estate, I know West Seattle is the best area for convenience and amenities. Classic home features 2 bedrooms with a full and queen bed. Linens are new and comfortable.  Each bedroom sleeps 2 and 2 more possible in living room on air mattress Living room has 2 sofas with TV. Washer/dryer and detergent is included. Nice covered front porch and fenced rear patio. USB adapter for charging You have access to the entire home, with no shared areas.  I am available by phone or text anytime if you have any questions or problems. If you need restaurant recommendations or want to know the best place to buy things, we are like a friend you can ask anything The convenience to everything is the best, yet still private.  10 min to downtown and Pike Place Market. 15See listings for Firelight Studio and for Hummingbird House for thorough description.  The Hummingbird House is not available till September 1.  The studio is available. This property accommodates up to 8 people. The Hummingbird House has 4 bedrooms (sleeps 6 people)  and the Firelight Studio has one bedroom (sleeps 2 people).   HUMMINGBIRD HOUSE: A two story, BEAUTIFULLY FURNISHED 1939 BRICK TUDOR, your home away from home, in Seattle. Short or long-term luxury home comes completely furnished with original art, designer furniture and everything you'll need to make your stay complete. CONVENIENTLY LOCATED, snuggled in the heart of West Seattle and surrounded by 30-foot conifers, bamboo and a 10-foot hedge, the property is very private and lush. Lots of hummingbirds! WALKING DISTANCE to grocery stores, boutiques, restaurants, gyms, Yoga, cafes, bus line and MINUTES AWAY from seaside Lincoln Park, Alki Beach, Water Taxi, Fauntleroy Ferry terminal, 10 minutes straight downtown. Gleaming h$117 per night ($138 per night June - August). Classic 1920's cottage at the top of a hill in West Seattle. Beautiful views. Your email address and phone number will be required in order to confirm a reservation.    $117 per night ($138 per night June - August) for up to 7 guests, including infants (up to 12 guests are allowed, for an additional fee).  Classic 1920's cottage at the top of a hill in West Seattle. Beautiful views and neighborhood. Ideal location - ten minute drive to downtown, eastside, and airport; walking distance to West Seattle Junction, Starbucks, Diva Espresso and parks; five minute drive to Alki Beach and Lincoln Park. Two minute walk to bus lines. Ample street parking. Very safe.  This rental is for your PRIVATE use of the entire house, absolutely unshared! 2 BR, 1 BA. Washer / dryer. Home Security Alarm System. Wi-Fi. DIRECTV.  Full kitchen with cookware, utensils, and so on. REFUNDABLE CLEANING FEE:  The cottage was rented through Airbnb for years as a guest clThis garden-level studio is a private apartment with a separate entrance. It has all you need for a long-term or short stay - full kitchen, laundry, comfy living area and queen beds. Minutes from downtown Seattle, restaurants, shops and bus lines. The studio is a mother-in-law unit with private access through the front garden. We live in the upper two levels.  Designed by a Japanese craftsman, this custom-built home has unique, personalized touches. Wood floors, natural light and modern amenities, such as a washer/dryer, full-kitchen with dishwasher, brass towel warmer and heated bathroom floor, wifi with Netflix and Hulu plus streaming services.  Enjoy our large collection of children's books, some of which are illustrated by Steve.  There are fresh sheets on a new queen bed. A pull-out couch offers sleeping for another two guests. There are extra sheets, pillows, blanket and comforter for the pull-out bed.  In summer enjoy grilling on the outdoor patio. Bathroom is stocked with cleanCozy warmth Craftsman style home for family or group of people. It's clean house with Asian-Mid Eastern decorations with comfortable sitting. 10 min walking distance to all West Seattle Restaurants and bar. 15 min to downtown Seattle 1400 SQFT home No restriction to accessing the house I'll be available to connect anytime before 8 PM during your stay My house is located in the heart of West Seattle, the neighborhood is quiet  and clean. The bus stop is only 2 blocks from the house. The bus arrive every 15 minutes to downtown Seattle (20 minutes ride). 15 minutes to ocean, Alki Beach with few nice restaurants and bars. 10 minutes walk to junctions where all the actions are. Restaurants, bars, grocery store, and park.So close to the city but still in a quiet neighborhood. Spacious 3-story townhome in West Seattle. 10 minutes to Seattle across the West Seattle bridge. Just one block to a park and play area. Walk or bike ride to sandy Alki Beach. Two bedroom townhome. Spacious living room on second floor with fireplace. One bedroom on the entry level and the second bedroom on the third floor. Three decks. Small, private fenced grassy area in the backyard for lounging or eating. The unit is full of light with lots of windows in each room. Approx. 1400 square feet.  The apartment has its own dishwasher, one dedicated parking space and ample extra parking along the street. Entire three-story townhome and cozy private fenced backyard. Wonderful location -- just off the West Seattle Bridge, bike ride or walk to Alki Beach, the retail district, restaurants, golf course, West Seattle Health Club, Shack Coffee, and more. Just minutes by bike or car to downtown Seattle. This is on a very quiet street just offairy garden level of house that faces a greenspace , great clawfoot tub , five blocks from Trader Joes , major bus to downtown and the heart of West Seattle  , cool and comfortable in the summer heat , koi pond, on a main road but quite and peaceful  behind a steep  hillside  . the house and neighboring property have been my lifes work ,  for the last fifteen years  rebuilding, reshaping the land and buildings , adding my own rustic bohemian aesthetic to this little slice of west seattle large back yard to frolic , enjoy the green space behind the house through the trails system of camp long vibrant and growing west Seattle junction area is centrally located , close to Alki beach and the water taxi to downtown .yet with that neighborhood charm that makes west Seattle special 2 minute walk to the c line bus which honestly beats the car traffic downtown  hands down in the morningLate night arrivals welcome! Rent a bedroom in our 1929 craftsman home. Room sleeps up to two in a queen bed, secure private entrance off the back deck, and (shared) full bath just down the hall. Free overnight street parking out front. Your bedroom is on the middle floor. Go around to the left of the house, around the back. Take the stairs leading up to the deck. There is a lockbox on the top of the stairs, with a key to the sliding door for a private entrance to your room. You can take the 21 (off 35th & Hudson) to get to the stadiums/south downtown and the lightrail (to the airport). The Rapid Ride C is off 38th & Alaska, and is a faster ride to the heart of downtown. There is also a shuttle to the water taxi at this stop, which is a beautiful, fun way to enjoy the city. (URL HIDDEN)West Seattle Apartment,  immaculate, filled with Art and light!  Fully furnished, 800 sq ft. Windows in each room. Gourmet kitchen! New memory foam bed, separate sitting room, HD flat screen TVs.  All utilities & DSL, wifi, cable & laundry included.  West Seattle Apartment! Absolutely Immaculate! Filled with Art and Light! We are open for SHORT TERM reservations only. Right now our only open 2015 reservation is for the month of December. Sign up with us soon...we are popular! (and we have earned the coveted "Super Host" status from Airbnb for our hospitality and amenities) Our house is on 36th Avenue between the cross streets of Graham and Raymond in West Seattle...a quiet charming neighborhood. My studio and my partner's workshop are behind the house. Fully furnished, 800 square feet, basement apartment. Windows in each room. Separate entrance. Just right for one or two adults!  Separate sitting room with flat screen TV and sleeper sofa. Brand new memory foam queen bed mattress and a Enjoy two levels of living space with a fenced in yard & BBQ in the heart of West Seattle. Your booking includes one full sized bed & attached bathroom on the 1st floor and a living, dining, kitchen, mini balcony and half bath on the main. Feel right at home, in our home for your mini vacation. Pack your bags and we'll take care of the rest. Enjoy time relaxing in our yard, soaking up the sun. Hang out in the living room and watch a movie on our 60" tv.  An air mattress is available upon request if you have more than 2 guests planning to stay. Also available upon request is a pack n play and or a high chair for a baby, The kitchen is fully stocked for cooking. The bedroom has fresh linens, the bathroom is all set with clean towels and TP.  Please bring your own toiletries.  Like games? We have a few options for you (apples to apples, etc, if you're in the mood. Check out the bin the closet. Our town home is four stories, 3 of which you have access to. Those three include the yard, guesCozy, stand-alone studio with its own patio overlooking a leafy neighborhood block.  Enjoy the park across the street, the Junction's restaurants and night life, and Alki Beach.      Minutes to downtown via car or bus. Cozy and efficient studio with a modern kitchen, large closet and bathroom.  The space has all new appliances, fixtures and kitchenware. Although we're calling the bed a futon, it is actually the award-winning and quite comfortable Twilight Sleeper Sofa from Denmark. It converts between a daybed, queen-size bed and two twin beds.  The apartment has it's own entrance and is detached from our house, so you can have as much privacy as you like.  The unit is also up on the second level with a commanding view. There's a deck as big as the apartment itself which is especially nice in the summer. KITCHEN Microwave, range, kettle, french press, small fridge, food prep,  serveware, flatware, and drinkware, cooking oil, tea, coffee, sugar and cream and, of course, beer steins.   BClassic 1920's cottage at the top of a hill in West Seattle. Beautiful views. Please see Cottage in West Seattle on Airbnb to rent the entire cottage for $117/night. Sleeps 2-4.  This rental is for the Main Bedroom, in a shared house. 2 BR, 1 BA. We almost never rent just a single bedroom, as demand for the entire cottage is high. Please see Cottage in West Seattle on Airbnb to rent the entire cottage for $117/night (airbnb.com/rooms/153967). PAYMENT If you prefer to work through Vacation Rental By Owner, and pay through PayPal, this listing can be found by searching for #368650. You can also have a refundable cleaning fee and clean the cottage yourself through this other site. YesClean and comfortable room in our sun-filled West Seattle home. Our house includes large living area, well-stocked kitchen, a large backyard with small patio, and it's right on the bus line to downtown. The room is located on the main floor of our house, with a full bed, small desk/bookshelf, dresser, and closet. It is located next to the shared bathroom, which we keep very clean. Guests have access to all the common areas of the home: Living room – Large sitting area with sofa and chairs, and a wood burning fireplace (great for winter months!). This room has french doors and is very sunny, great for unwinding with a book after a long day exploring the city! Kitchen – Fully stocked with dishes, pots, pans, utensils, etc. Guests are welcome to use any cooking essentials that we have on hand (olive oil, salt, pepper, spices, flour, sugar, butter, etc.). In addition to common cooking appliances, we have a microwave, toaster, coffee maker, French press, Vitamix, SodaStream, and ice maker. Wonderful West Seattle!  Enjoy peace + quite in this bachelor pad basement 2br apt. Start your morning off with some epic mountain views up the street to California Ave's great shops and restaurants.  Finish off the day with an Alki beach sunset! Clean and practical basement apartment.  Great kitchen layout with cozy dining for 2.  Relaxing living room with a reading nook. Very private backyard. Guest bedroom/office, living room, bathroom w/ laundry, full kitchen, backyard patio.  Ask me about renting the main bedroom! Usually gone on the weekends but we may cross paths at the beginning or end of your stay.  If you are looking to book during the week I will most likely be in the apartment as well. Relax and kill some time at C&P coffee up the block, or experience an edgy breakfast at Easy St. Records.  Don't miss the absolutely stunning sunsets over the Olympic mountains that Alki has to offer.  Get out for a walk at Camp Long or Lincoln park to experience some of Seattle's nature. PleGorgeous new home w/private main floor suite. Two spacious bedrooms, living room, dining area and mini kitchen. Private entryway, your own beautiful patio w/ views of Seattle, Bellevue & Cascade Mtn. Great neighborhood & free easy parking! This is a private main floor suite, with it's own private entryway. It feels like a townhouse, with views of Seattle and Bellevue skylines, w/ territorial views and the Cascade Mountains. Two spacious bedrooms, living room, dining area and mini kitchen. Exclusive home in West Seattle which includes your own beautiful patio and free parking in the driveway.  We are 9 mins from Safeco field, 13 mins from Downtown Seattle/Pike Place Market and 15 mins from the Space Needle and the Convention Center! Suite includes large bathroom, mini kitchen, dining area and extra large capacity washer and dryer. There is a coffee maker, microwave, electric toaster oven and free high speed Internet/Wifi. We also provide memory foam pillows and extra blankets for your cThis spacious, remodeled cottage apartment is nestled in the vibrant neighborhood of West Seattle. Located just a few blocks from the Alaska Junction and its many restaurants and boutiques, it also offers quick and easy access to downtown Seattle. The entire main floor of this charming 1910 cottage has been remodeled into a one-bedroom home with all the modern amenities. For those who enjoy cooking, a spacious and open kitchen with high-end appliances awaits. The kitchen opens onto the living room for an inviting social environment. One queen-size bed plus two sofa beds mean 5 people can sleep comfortably. Meanwhile, the sunny back deck is a perfect spot to relax and enjoy a cup of coffee. The living room includes a big-screen TV, Xbox 360 and 7.1 in-wall surround sound. Guests have access to the entire main floor, sun room and back deck, as well as the front porch and yard. I rent out an entirely separate downstairs apartment to other guests (see my other listings). There is no sharedFantastic location in a true small town community in the big city of Seattle. With steps to the shops in the junction and a quick trip to Alki Beach, this room can be used as your traveling hub for business needs or your personal get away. Uber cool. The private bedroom (with sleeping up to 3) and private bath are located on the lower level of a townhome. These are the only rooms on that level so it's pretty private. There is an outdoor entrance to a patio with seating. With advance planning, we can arrange for kitchen use and/or TV Living Room access. Full size Bed (sleeps 2) and I have a pull-out comfortable cot for one person; total of up to 3 people. Fresh linens and towels provided always. If you've forgotten anything, QFC is next door for sundries/food. With advance planning, we can arrange for kitchen use. Please use the private patio on the back for a morning sun coffee or fresh air stretch. Starbucks is right next door. Easy Street Cafe is one block up from that (Amazing GraceWe live in a vibrant and beautiful neighborhood.  There are all kinds of local and brand name restaurants within walking distance.  Beaches and Ferries are only a few minutes drive away...or take a leisure long (URL HIDDEN) is walkable to everything. The room is large with high ceiling and roomy with a double bed.  The shared bathroom is conveniently right next to it.  The building is only one year old, therefore it is very clean and contemporary. The living and kitchen area is large and airy with high ceiling to give that expansive feel! TV usage: While we have a big screen in the living room, we do not subscribe to any cable TV.  You would have access to anything that is supported by Netflix, Amazon Video, etc.  This means that you can access YOUR OWN ACCOUNT with them via our internet access.  We do not provide access to these broadcasting, movie or TV channels. Common area: First Floor living and kitchen area. The complete third floor master suite with balcony Host will not be at tWest Seattle is amazing!  In the Alaskan junction, Above a supermarket, near alki beach, Lincoln park and on the metro line. Come visit a beautiful soulful neighborhood! You can bring your animal, please pre-approve w me, only friendly animals good with people, ️. Gym, roof top deck, and community TV room. I interact with my guest as often as they wish me too. I love to be helpful. I give my guest space but I'm here for them if they need me. Public transportation at the front door. Can help with transportation if requested in a timely fashion.The view, the updated house, the view the view.Private ground level bedroom with full size bed and en-suite bathroom within walking distance to the express bus to Downtown.  Steps to West Seattle's vibrant Alaska Junction where you'll enjoy restaurants, shopping, cafes, bars & groceries. Shared kitchen with complimentary coffee and tea. Your private bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed and ample closet space and your en suite full bathroom is stocked with all the essentials.   Please enjoy complementary coffee and tea in the shared kitchen (which is equipped for your basic cooking needs) or watch HBO / Netflix in the living room.  If you feel something is missing during your stay, please let me know. Note: your room is ground level however the common areas (kitchen, living room and kitchen are upstairs) This is your "Home away from home" while you're my guest so feel free to come and go as you please. You will be provided access information after your accepted booking As much as you would like. Every guest is different and soMaster suite / private bathroom with queen size memory foam bed; walking distance to the express bus to downtown and steps to West Seattle's vibrant Alaska Junction where you'll enjoy restaurants, shopping, cafes, bars & groceries. Your private bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed and ample closet space and your en suite full bathroom is stocked with all the essentials.   Please enjoy complementary coffee and tea in the shared kitchen (which is equipped for your basic cooking needs) or watch HBO / Netflix in the living room.  If you feel something is missing during your stay, please let me know. Note: Your room is upstairs This is your "Home away from home" while you're my guest so feel free to come and go as you please.  You will be provided access information after your accepted booking As much as you would like.  Every guest is different and so are their needs.  I live rather close and very happy to offer any / all assistance (before or during your trip) to make your stay enjoGreat house centrally located in nice neighborhood. Walk down the hill to Alki beach, or walk a few blocks to the public trans hub or shops and restaurants in the junction.  Comfy queen bed and ensuite bath with jetted tub. Grill out on the deck. Great location in a nice, clean home with no pets and non-smokers.  Please no smoking in the home. Large kitchen, cozy bright living room, laundry room, deck with grill, backyard with fire pit, extra guest bathroom.  Help yourself to spices, oils, condiments, coffee, tea if making use of the kitchen. Currently there are two renters that have rooms in the basement.  They are quiet and friendly.  Both 30 something professionals and can give lots of info or help with sight seeing or other inquiries as needed. This is a very residential neighborhood with mindful and friendly neighbors.  It is walking distance to the hub (junction) of West Seattle, very close bus lines, and even walk to Alki Beach. The closest bus stop is just 2-3 blocks away on Ca(URL HIDDEN)quiet getaway bedroom in ranch style home in West Seattle. Easy access to downtown via bus, foot ferry or car. Share bathroom, kitchen, living space with me  and my cat.  WIFI; garden; walk to Alki beach, grocery, restaurants.       Your room opens onto a secluded back garden (there are chickens! - no roosters, no noise)  Desk and chair, rocking chair, good light.  Closet space, 3 drawer dresser.  My bedroom and office are off the same hallway.  Scent-free ranch style home on large corner lot with stone labyrinth in front, fire pit patio in back.  Very quiet neighborhood while just 1 mile from buses, businesses and 1st class restaurants. Plenty of parking.  Could pick you up from the bus stop by arrangement. West Seattle's Genesee Hill enjoys views to Puget Sound and the Cascades, a dense old growth forest, 8 miles of paved walk/roller blade/bike path along Harbor and Alki Beach drives making this a hidden treasure in Seattle.  Our sunsets are unparalleled.  it is quiet on Walk to Alaska Junction! (6 blocks) Space is newly renovated downstairs apartment 1 bd/1 bath with walk-in closet, living area, kitchenette (fridge/microwave/eating area), laundry area and shared yard. Local TV, Netflix, Hulu+. Claw foot tub in bath! Newly renovated downstairs apartment; access through the back yard. Key pad lock allows guests to check in/out at any time. View of Mount Rainier on clear days. Space is the downstairs apartment with separate entrance with key code. Me & the hubs live upstairs; here if you need anything but you may not see us if you don't. West Seattle is amazing - it has very cool unique shops and restaurants and the farmer's market on Sundays is fabulous! Musts are Alaska Junction, Alki beach and the water taxi to downtown. Alaska Junction (~ 6 blocks away) has everything you might need -  shopping, restaurants, bars, grocery stores. Bus stop is there as well. 15 minute bus ride to downtown via the C-line (URL HIDDEN) same bus takes you to Queen Anne andThis cozy renovated "Boeing Box" has a vaulted ceiling with all new electrical, plumbing, insulation, appliances, fixtures and original refinished fir floors. The backyard is home to two organic raised beds. 4 blocks to Alaska Junction {shops & restaurants} & 8 blocks to the Puget Sound. Convenient to downtown Seattle. Sustainably designed/built. One of two bedrooms. The other bedroom will remain unoccupied. Only if necessary. West Seattle has great restaurants within walking distance (Mashiko's, Bakery Nouveau, Jak's & La Rustica (longer walk). It also has great proximity to downtown Seattle and Seatac airport. Close to Seattle buses & the bus to the water taxi. The floors are original fir, so they are soft and easily damage.  Note that trim is in "primed" status and needs to be painted. Please understand the cheaper rate is for this reason. The interior photos are from Nov '15.Heart of West Seattle 2bd 1 bath craftsman bungalow charming in every way. New kitchen, sensational light, homey decorating touches, and popular neighborhood. Walkable to Alaska Junction, Trader Joe's, 1 min drive to WS bridge, 10 min to downtown.We live in a vibrant and beautiful neighborhood.  There are all kinds of local and brand name restaurants within walking distance.  Beaches and Ferries are only a few minutes drive away...or take a leisure long (URL HIDDEN) is walkable to everything. Please note that in summer season from June through August, we have a 3 nights minimum stay requirement.  Our house is almost brand new...built at the end of 2014.  It is a well-desgined townhouse that feels like a house due to the high ceiling and noise reduction space between our next door unit.  We are at the corner of two streets, pretty interesting urban view from here. The rooms are large with high ceiling. One room has a twin bed. One room has a double bed. The master bedroom and the 3rd room has a queen bed. Each floor has its own bathroom.  On the kitchen/living room floor, it is a half bathroom. There is a patio on the first floor and a balcony on the third floor where the master bedroom is. TV usage: While we have a big screen iOur apartment sleeps 4 comfortably.  It is a one bedroom apartment with a pullout bed in the living room.  We offer free wifi and movie options  and a fully equipped kitchen.  The apartment also has it's own entry and off street parking  Our cozy apartment is within walking distance of shops, restaurants and bus stops and the charming junction 'the heart of west Seattle'  We live upstairs and will be here to meet you and give you your keys  West Seattle is a neighborhood  That is growing by leaps and bounds. It has a great golf coarse  and getting to any of the many parks and beach's is a breeze.  We are located a block away from public transportation. The red line bus goes to the ferry terminal /down town and the stop for the monorail to the airport. The water taxi pickup is also located at this stop  We are a block away from an excellent coffee shop and Trader Joes  Guests will have access to off street parking free wifi and movie options and a fully equipped kitchen and backyard.  WEnjoy beautiful mountain views. The beach, parks, and all amenities are nearby.  We're centrally located, so you're close to downtown.  In this vibrant urban city we offer you a peaceful oasis to come home to. Enjoy private & stylish comfort! Painted in designer colors, this attached daylight suite features private entry from a cozy deck overlooking the Cascade mountains.  It's spacious and tastefully appointed, and wonderful for business, pleasure, or both. Your comfort is our mission.  We offer dining and living under nine foot ceilings and a fully equipped kitchen with warm cork flooring.  We use earth friendly products and offer a variety of natural & organic foods to enjoy during your stay.  The bedrooms have large closets with plenty of storage space, and two elegant queen suites with Simmons Beautyrest mattresses.  These cozy beds are made with high thread count allergy-free bedding. Our location makes it easy to take in the many events & activities Seattle has to offer! Within Wonderful little mid-century modern (website hidden) within walking distance to shops, parks and transit to downtown. Comfortably fits four guests (two queen beds) with a quiet, cozy setting. Eat in or take a 10-minute stroll to the Alaska Junction! Comfy, cozy little mid-century modern rambler on a quiet street...you'll feel (EMAIL HIDDEN)fortably fits up to four in two bedrooms. Guests have access to the whole house, including well-equipped kitchen with gas range. Help yourself to basics (olive oil, butter, salt/pepper, coffee). Fresh, clean towels will be provided as well. Guests also may use the carport out back during their stay. Please don't use the (URL HIDDEN) my baby. If we can't meet you upon check-in, we'll make sure instructions are clear and easy for access. West Seattle is just far enough from the city that you'll be able to relax, but close enough to hop on a bus and get downtown in under 30 minutes. Surrounded by water, West Seattle has great views, parks and restaurantGreat space in a residential neighborhood  just one bus away from downtown Seattle and very near Alki Beach,  great parks, shops and dining options at the California Junction, and close to ferry and water taxi and sports stadiums. The space is a basement area that is private ( separate entrance and doors) and  has a comfy futon that sleeps two, a sleeper chair that converts to a bed (with minimal mattress- good for kids), a half bathroom ( no shower or bath tub), a kitchen with fridge, sink, dishes, and partial stove, coffee maker, laundry facilities, and a small adjoining room for changing or working (currently used for storage). The room also has a TV with Amazon prime and netflix access and a DVD player with some local Seattle films. There is generally free unlimited street parking in the area.  The home is very quiet and safe and near major bus lines. Guests will not access the upstairs unit or main house so there is NO SHOWER access- but guests may use the shared laundry and smallWalk to everything West Seattle has to offer- from local bars, restuarants and shopping to the beaches and parks on the water! 4 floor townhome with 3 bedrooms and a loft space. Outdoor spaces include a first floor patio and a 4th floor roof top deck with views of the Puget Sound, islands, Mt Rainier and mountain ranges! Spectacular sunsets! First floor is a flex space/ studio (2 queen beds) with a half bath. This space is connected to the rest of the home but also has a seperate entry if needed. The second floor has the living room (with 2 comfy twin beds that can be pushed together to make a double), open kitchen and half bath. The third floor has 2 bedrooms and a full bath. (Master with queen mattress and 2nd bedroom with a queen air mattress) The fourth floor has a loft/ office and a roof top deck with amazing views! Whole house. The only spaces off limits are the master closet (it will be locked) and the liquor cabinet. Feel free to call, txt, email. 'The Junction' at West SeattleWith its three bedrooms, two kitchens and two living spaces, this modern cottage is perfect for a large family or for groups traveling together. Nestled in the vibrant neighborhood of West Seattle, it offers quick & easy access to downtown Seattle! This charming 1910 cottage has been remodeled into a three-bedroom, two-kitchen, two-bathroom home with a light-filled sun room and lots of modern amenities. It's situated in an ideal location -- just a few minute's drive to downtown Seattle while also a short walk to all the shops and restaurants in the vibrant West Seattle Junction neighborhood. TWO LIVING SPACES - The cottage has two levels - The Main Floor and the Downstairs Basement Apartment. Each level has its own kitchen, bathroom, and bedrooms, and each has its own entrance. This makes the cottage ideal for groups traveling together or for big families who need extra space.  THE MAIN FLOOR: KITCHEN: For those who enjoy cooking, an open kitchen with high-end appliances awaits. The spWe just bought a beautiful 1911 Craftsmen in West Seattle with a view of Mt. Rainier and Puget Sound. It's a 10 minute drive to downtown Seattle, or you can take the ferry or local buses into the city. Space includes bedroom, office space and .5 bath Downstairs in our new and (not to toot my own horn) stately and classic West Seattle Craftsmen. We have panoramic views of Mt. Rainier, West Seattle and the Cascade Mountains, as well as part of Puget Sound. You have your own entrance/exit downstairs and will receive your own key. Downstairs is a separate finished space with a bedroom and office, and a .5 bath. You can also use the shower upstairs (we have 3 baths so you would be using the "guest" bathroom upstairs). You can also spend time in the Japanese yhyty cyand by the Koi Pond. Your floor walks right out no xcsE s My girlfriend and I are laid back. Early 30's young professionals, she's a teacher and I'm a healthcare consultant. We have a min pin named Dante who's pretty cool and usuThis charming basement/ground-floor apartment has been newly remodeled into a bright, private space. Located in West Seattle, it's in walking distance to many shops and restaurants, and is a great launching pad for exploring the city of Seattle. This private, 2-bedroom apartment has been newly remodeled into a relaxing, vibrant space in my West Seattle Cottage. Located in walking distance to the West Seattle Junction - with its many shops, restaurants and coffee houses - this apartment is a great place to stay when exploring the West Seattle neighborhood or the city of Seattle. PLEASE NOTE: With its own private entrance, this basement apartment can be rented on its own or in conjunction with the upstairs portion of the house if you have a larger group. (Please ask me about price/availability if you're interested) APARTMENT DETAILS: THE LIVING ROOM: A vibrant, comfortable space for hanging out, the living room includes a brand new Smart TV with apps such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Video aPrivate bedroom with separate entrance,  king-sized bed & ensuite bath just four blocks (5 min. walk) from the vibrant Alaska Junction where you'll enjoy restaurants, shops, bars, Sunday Farmers Market, buses to downtown Seattle & ferries, and more. Located on the lower level of a 3 story townhouse, this space is very private and separate from the rest of the home. Luxury bedding & bath towels, comfortable king-sized bed, dresser,  and a large closet make this a comfortable place for both short and longer stays.  Your room is stocked with a small fridge, Keurig coffee maker (including a selection of coffee and tea), a TV (built in Roku with access to our Netflix account), small plates, coffee cups and wine glasses. The bathroom has all of the essentials, including a hair dryer, shampoo,conditioner and body wash. For longer stays, we can negotiate kitchen and laundry access, as well. We also have a second room that is on the top floor that has a private bath and bunk bed (double bed on Private bedroom with queen size bed and and en-suite bathroom within walking distance to the express bus to Downtown.  Steps to West Seattle's vibrant Alaska Junction where you'll enjoy restaurants, shopping, cafes, bars & groceries. Shared kitchen with complimentary coffee and tea. Your private bedroom is furnished with a queen size bed and ample closet space and your en suite full bathroom is stocked with all the essentials.   Please enjoy complementary coffee and tea in the shared kitchen (which is equipped for your basic cooking needs) or watch HBO / Netflix in the living room.  If you feel something is missing during your stay, please let me know. Note: Your room is upstairs. This is your "Home away from home" while you're my guest so feel free to come and go as you please.  You will be provided access information after your accepted booking As much as you would like.  Every guest is different and so are their needs.  I live rather close and very happy to offer any / all assistancThis cozy renovated "Boeing Box" has a vaulted ceiling with all new electrical, plumbing, insulation, appliances, fixtures and original refinished fir floors. 4 blocks to Alaska Junction {shops, restaurants & C line bus).Beautiful Craftsman with refinished hardwood floors and views of Mt. Rainier and Cascade Mountains from living room and the wraparound deck, and peaceful Japanese garden and koi pond. Perched on top of one of West Seattle's highest hills, this home offers breathtaking & sweeping views of Mount Rainier & the Cascade Mountains. The property is landscaped by a master gardener, and includes a magnificent koi pond with a waterfall stream. A wrap around deck made with high quality Brazilian redwood is the perfect setting to take in the view. The living room is spacious & light filled with gleaming & refinished hardwood floors that flow into the dining room & kitchen. The kitchen has a butcher-block peninsula, stainless steel commercial range as well as new stainless steel dishwasher & refrigerator. All new designer interior paint throughout. The Master suite features French doors out to your private yard and a new bathroom with skylight. The 2nd bedroom has an updated full bathroom right offYou don't come to Seattle to stay inside, there's too much to enjoy.  This place is a block from the Alaska Junction (Downtown West Seattle), which has incredible walkability.  If you're looking to head downtown take the Water Taxi or a cheap Uber!Well preserved mid-century home with breathtaking 180 degree views of the water and the hills of West Seattle. Picture windows, hardwood floors, large kitchen, large wood burning fireplace. Enjoy quick access to shops, parks, ferries and Alki beach. Enjoy the period architecture throughout our mid-century modern home.  Curl up on the L shaped sofa in the vaulted great room. Watch the colorful cargo boats and sunlit ferries glide across Elliot Bay through large picture windows. Eat as a family at our dining room surrounded by territorial views of the West Seattle hills and Mt. Rainier. Dining room can accommodate up to 12  when card table and tablecloth are added. Large stocked kitchen includes cast iron cookware, dishes for up to 12, children's items, dishwasher and double oven. Hardwoods throughout home including three main floor bedrooms. Main bathroom has period cabinetry and tiling. Half bath ensuite in Master Bedroom. Deck for relaxing and entertaining runs the length of the house  Come stay at this updated bungalow on top of Genese Hill in popular West Seattle.   Only 5 minutes to downtown Seattle.  Enjoy close by Alki beach, grocery stores, restaurants and bars. Walking Score 80!  2 bedrooms one bathroom. Dog Friendly.   My home sits on top of Genese Hill in West Seattle,  With a spectacular view of Mount Rainier on a clear day.   Kitchen was recently updated with granite counter tops, new flooring and newer appliances.       Within easy walking distance you'll find a thriving Alaska Junction with restaurants, boutiques, shopping, art galleries, live theater, a post office, a weekly farmers market and a fabulous French Bakery.   In additions to Safeway/Starbucks, QFC, Trader Joe's.    Just one mile to Alki Beach for cycling, boating, beach camp-fires, or to relax & watch ferry boats cross Elliott Bay. Only five miles to downtown, Commute by car or public transportation to quickly get to all popular city sights. There is also a water taxi that will take you toSpacious, bright & perfectly located. Newer home with 4 bed/4 bath. Hardwood flooring, granite counters, chefs kitchen, master suite with marble bath, cozy fireplace, lower level media room & hot tub. 1 mi to beach & 10 mi to downtown Seattle.We live in a vibrant and beautiful neighborhood.  There are all kinds of local and brand name restaurants within walking distance.  Beaches and Ferries are only a few minutes drive away...or take a leisure long (URL HIDDEN) is walkable to everything. The room is large with high ceiling and roomy with a double bed.  The shared bathroom is conveniently right next to it.  The building is only one year old, therefore it is very clean and contemporary. The living and kitchen area is large and airy with high ceiling to give that expansive feel! TV usage: While we have a big screen in the living room, we do not subscribe to any cable TV.  You would have access to anything that is supported by Netflix, Amazon Video, etc.  This means that you can access YOUR OWN ACCOUNT with them via our internet access.  We do not provide access to these broadcasting, movie or TV channels. Common area: Kitchen and living room, downstairs bathroom, and outside patio on the first floor. Breakfast together will bOpen concept living allows easy flow for guests whatever their interest.  BBQ or take in the view from the deck. Unwind in the large master with views from every corner. 2 additional large bedrooms. Laundry room. Close to amenities and transportation The main floor flows easily between the Kitchen, Family, Living and Dining rooms.  The comfortable furnishings allow you to snuggle in and enjoy the view, watch TV, surf the web or read in front of any of the 3 gas fireplaces.  Sliding doors lead onto a large deck with a 180 degree view from Mt Rainer to Mt Baker, bracketing the best view of Seattle. BBQ while enjoying the view or move to the well-appointed kitchen for those who love to cook, dining on the seafood, fruit and veg found in Pike Place or the local farmer's Market. You will find spices, coffee, tea and other basics to help you get started.   If you want to host guests, the dining room seats 10 comfortably.   Upstairs you find the 3 bedrooms.  The ample master bedroom invites yWe live in a vibrant and beautiful neighborhood.  There are all kinds of local and brand name restaurants within walking distance.  Beaches and Ferries are only a few minutes drive away...or take a leisure long (URL HIDDEN) is walkable to everything. The room is large with high ceiling and roomy with a twin bed.  The shared bathroom is on the same floor.  The building is only one year old, therefore it is very clean and contemporary. The living and kitchen area is large and airy with high ceiling to give that expansive feel! TV usage: While we have a big screen in the living room, we do not subscribe to any cable TV.  You would have access to anything that is supported by Netflix, Amazon Video, etc.  This means that you can access YOUR OWN ACCOUNT with them via our internet access.  We do not provide access to these broadcasting, movie or TV channels. Common area: Kitchen and living area and bathroom on the first floor, and outside patio at the same level. Breakfast together will be veJust steps from the main street in West Seattle! Leave the car parked and enjoy walking to the farmers market, Trader Joe's, shops and restaurants of the Junction! Dog-friendly with a fenced patio space to enjoy and free off-street parking. 2BR, 1.5 BA townhome that offers a private retreat while still being close to everything that makes West Seattle great! The master bedroom has a queen bed with new memory-foam mattress, ample closet space and your own TV with AppleTV and a DVD player. The second bedroom has a twin daybed that pulls out into a queen as well, so very reasonably sleeps four! Guests can make themselves at home in the fully stocked kitchen, and relax in the private fenced back patio next to the fire pit. Dog friendly! Up to two furry friends are welcome to join you with no extra fees! Within the house, guests should make themselves at home. What's mine is yours! There is also one off-street parking spot in the alley. In the neighborhood, there is ample free street parkinCharming craftsman home with modern kitchen and bathroom, in a great location. Private room for rent in single family home in West Seattle Junction. This vintage bungalow-style home with garden out front is located perfectly for those looking for a small-town feel outside the biggest city in the Pacific Northwest.  One fully furnished bedroom is available with shared bathroom with host.  The room has a full size brand new bed. Guests have additional access to the living room and kitchen. Additional Amenities of the home Include: * Wireless Internet * TV/Apple TV  * Espresso machine   Lots of dining and shopping nearby on California Ave.   Public Transportation nearby: Bus comes a block away. Feel free to message me if you have any questions regarding the property of surrounding area! Three (3) night minimum.  I have a small dog who loves people so much it's almost pathetic. Looking forward to hearing from you! Kitchen, TV, internet access. I will interact with you as much as you like. Newly remodeled roof top room with a deck . This room has a lot of stairs and you have to SHARE the bathroom with our other guests . There is fast wifi and a great view !Completely PRIVATE ! no access to our house. This is a funny little space ! Kinda like a tipi ! We just listed this space so it will get better with time but for right now it is very basic but everything is brand new ! The frame, the bed the air conditioner , the ceiling fan  . Dont be afraid to be the first one lol ! We have a great back yard with chickens and rabbits ! A couple Gypsy wagons and a tiny garden cabin !Come and go as you please . We will leave you alone unless you need something ! We are very centrally located between Ballard and Capitol Hill . The bus is very close and will take you downtown in about 15-20 mins. We are very open people and do not judge . As long as you respect our space we will respect you !Great view of downtown! This apartment is close to downtown, Queen Anne, and the cool and hip neighborhoods of Ballard/Fremont.  Come enjoy the Seattle lifestyle! Nice and close to the bus line, or go explore the Magnolia neighborhood! Shared living area. Come sleep on a high end mattress Queen Sized mattress, no polyester sheets here! A private bedroom, and shared living room/kitchen/bathroom with one other person who lives here full time. He will be your onsite host.  The living room has a two seater sofa, a recliner, a small dining table, coffee table, 46 inch TV with Netflix, Hulu plus, and Amazon prime. There is also an antique bar and portable air conditioner. Smart TV with Netflix and Amazon prime preloaded. Kitchen, living room, laundry room coin operated, Air conditioned living room. This is hit and miss, I would be glad to give you tips and information in the area! I'm a very social guy, and I love to meet new people. I'll certainly make sure you have a great time here, heck Our cute Magnolia house is just minutes from downtown, chic Ballard, and beautiful Discovery Park. Full of style and warmth, our large vintage-modern den sleeps 2 comfortably.  Guests will enjoy a private entry, sectional couch, large TV, full size beer fridge, private sink, laundry, and eating nook! Our space has a twin bed and super comfy sectional couch.  The bathroom and kitchen are shared spaces. More Private Amenities to Enjoy: Sink Microwave Fullsize fridge T.V. with Netflix Laundry Table/bar/workspace Private entry Private patio Guests will have access to the entire house except for the owner's bedroom.  The rental den is located downstairs and has it's own entry, living area and twin bed.  The kitchen and bathroom are shared spaces, as this small house only has a single bathroom.  For our guest's convenience there is a sink, full size fridge, microwave, laundry, and private entry in the guest den.  There is also both private and shared outdoor space to enjoy. IMPORTANT:  This Great location for accessing downtown Seattle and surrounding areas. Lovely room in a 1950's house in Magnolia - one of the oldest neighborhoods in Seattle. (I have air conditioning!!) This is a relaxing home to stay in (or so my friends tell me!) Private room with a double bed, and your own bathroom.  The guest bedroom faces back onto my patio/rock garden.   I provide a healthy breakfast of fresh fruit, yogurt and granola (let me know if you have dietary issues). I do have an assortment of teas but unfortunately I don't do coffee!  (Several great coffee shops in Magnolia Village, though).  Plentiful street parking.  Shared back patio.  Shared kitchen.  Free wifi.  Washer and dryer available for stays over 3 days.  This is the perfect location for someone looking for a quiet place to stay while being 10-20 minutes from downtown Seattle (depending on traffic and whether you're taking a bus). I'm in and out and sometimes work from home out of a separate space. I can definitely help with Seattle Modern Loft is beautifully designed with a flexible open loft floor plan surrounding a core area with a private bathroom and streamlined kitchen. High ceilings, with over-sized, windows fills the loft with natural light. Internet/Free parking/King Size Bed/1 block away from Whole Foods/ The space is amazing value for every guest and it tells a story a sharing economy entrepreneur who is minutes away from downtown Seattle close and to everything!  Seattle Modern Loft is beautifully designed with an flexible open loft floor plan surrounding a core area with a private bathroom and streamlined kitchen. High ceilings, with over-sized, windows fills the loft with natural light. Concrete floors and durable surfaces are suitable to a variety of uses and have rugs. You will have high speed Comcast Internet, courtesy granola bars, an abundance of clean towels and fluffy pillows.  You'll be within 2 miles of Pike Place Market, Space Needle, The Seattle Great Wheel, Seattle Waterfront, SeaGreat location to Seattle, Ballard, Fremont. Clean, cozy, with a nice view. Fully furnished; has a little workout facility in apartment; security. Amazing burger and pizza  place next door. Grocery store within walking distance, whole foods store .5 mile away; dry cleaning close. Parks, golf course all very close. Workout facility in apartment complex, two media rooms, one big entertainment center. Free Wi-Fi. Only when you call or something needs to be attended to. We will also respond to texts asap on any questions or concerns. Very close to everything. Lots of shops, restaurants and parks close bye There is a bus access very close. But we would recommend either über or Lyft to get around Seattle. You can use this code for Lyft (URL HIDDEN) or ryans3923 for uber. My girlfriend and I travel for work often. This is a quite apartment residence so we ask that there be no parties or animals as respect toward us and the neighbors. In addition to the king in the bedroom, There is a queen siA quiet space with separate Entrance. The bathroom, with shower is down the hall, and is shared with the owner at night. Princess the cat lives at Mibbett Hollow and has free run, and often visits guests. She is an older, very calm, quiet Siamese The “Studio at Mibbett Hollow' is in a Beautiful Houseboat on Quiet The Ship's Canal at the Famous Fishermen's Terminal Near the Ballard Locks, close to bus to all attractions. Downtown by bus. A private furnished studio with Single Bunk, Kitchenette Private Bathroom, Drawers, Cupboards, Cabinets and Closet with Cedar lining, Private Deck, WiFi, utensils. Ideal for a Single Person ( single bed only). Princess the Cat lived in the houseboat so no folks with allergies! No Smoking!  No Pets!  Close to a plutera of Various Ethnic Restaurant choices within walking distance in Ballard - Bus to Fremont ~ "The Center of the Universe", Downtown Pike Place Market, the Seattle Waterfront and Ferries Nearest Bus stop West Emerson and 21 St West three (3) Easy access from the SEA-TAC.   10 minutes from Downtown Seattle, Ballard, Fremont, the Water Front and Discovery Park.   Quiet apartment with a private bedroom and full bathroom.  Continental breakfast provided. Reserved parking included. Upper floor balcony where you can enjoy squirrel watching with your morning coffee, this is Seattle afterall. Shared Living room, kitchen, and balcony.  Coffee & Tea station provided. We will be available via txt once you check in for any questions you may have. Red Mill Burgers and QFC (grocery) are two short blocks away.   There is also 9 hole golf course and mini golf just down road. Major bus line to Downtown Seattle, Space Needle, Ballard  and Fremont is one block away. We have a Cat and a small Dog professionally trained.This mid-century modern apartment building has the trappings of the best nests: a high perch and great creature comfort. Bright and modern luxury apartment ideally located on the eastern slope of Magnolia, just minutes from downtown Seattle, Queen Anne & Ballard.  Located in a unique, mid-century modern building completely renovated by Wild Radish (known for its Healthy Living by Design housing standards) this beautiful apartment features: Bamboo hardwood & slate floors, white subway tile, condo-quality stainless steel kitchen appliances, in-unit, high-efficiency washer & dryer, high-efficiency radiant heaters, active venting & major bus lines close by.  Free & convenient parking. What's special about this place? Hypo-allergenic bedding, mattresses/covers and new pillows* with each rental. (So feel free to take the pillows with you!)  Great Amenities: Free WiFi & internet TV (LED flatscreen). Fully-equipped kitchen with stainless-steel appliances, sink & disposal. In-unit washer/dryer.New modern mother in law unit built 2014 in a charming craftsman home. Private entrance off the main house. 7 minutes to downtown, 5 minute walk to Whole Foods Interbay and Rapid D bus line. Has a view of Elliot Bay!  Serene and modern 2 bedroom/1 bath guest house. 2 bedrooms, 2 queen beds, can accomodate up to 4 people. 650 sq. feet space is your oasis right in the middle of the urban city of Seattle. Brand new unit as of March 2014 which means that ceiling/floor sound barrier is up to Seattle city code. The whole unit is well insulated so its cool in the summer and toasty in the winter!  Soft linens, clean fluffy towels, full kitchen with new stainless steel appliances, washer and dryer in the unit for your use. Complimentary local coffee beans for your morning cup of joe and delicious pastries to get your 1st morning's stay in Seattle started off right!   Wifi, TV and blue ray player. are provided. Plenty of art and design books to enjoy. On a sunny day hang out on the outdoor deck This cozy, chic, and modern condo sits in the heart of Magnolia with parking and a rooftop deck. Centrally located in Seattle; 10-15 minutes from downtown shopping, Pike Place Market, and the cruise ship terminal. Beautifully decorated like a boutique hotel. There is a fully equipped kitchen with everything you'll need to prepare a gourmet meal. Washer and dryer available and internet/basic cable are included. Guests will have access to the entire apartment and the rooftop deck which has a beautiful view of the waterfront and downtown. Secure entry at the front door and garage. Elevator access from the garage all of way to the rooftop. I will meet each guest to hand off keys. Please feel free to call, text, or email during your stay. Walking distance to Magnolia Village: restaurants, boutiques, coffee shops, a hardware store, drug store, and grocery store! Easy drive to Ballard, Fremont, and downtown. Bus lines within a block that will take you north or south. Walking distance to all tA comfortable Queen Bed room for one or two people featuring exposed brick, a kitchenette, and full washer and drier.  PLEASE NOTE: Bookings on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday WILL experience loud music from the night club in the next building.  Studio Apartment in Pioneer Square, Downtown Seattle, within walking distance of stadiums, waterfront, Pike Place Market and museums. Apartment is fully furnished, has a kitchen and washer dryer. Enjoy the privacy of your own studio apartment in the heart of Historic Seattle. No Elevator. Rooms only accesible via Staircase. Service will be available at check in. On site assistance is available from 11 am to 10pm.  Experience where Seattle was founded. Explore the historic district full of boutique shops, breweries, restaurants and history. Enjoy the sights and sounds of the Waterfront and the Pike Place Market, all within walking distance. Seattle has an amazing transportation system. Take the Link Light Rail from the Airport for a convenient, iNear quaint Georgetown neighborhood.  Top/third floor in a converted industrial loft building. Large open space with quarters enclosed or partitioned - it's cozy. please note: this building and area are zoned industrial, yet we work and live here. Again, this is an open space shared loft. I live here (and sleep on an open upper alcove), as do two other tenants, each in a small enclosed nook with a door for each. Your guest space is a nice foam mattress for one or two people with a small partition divider for basic privacy, but you will essentially be in an open space, just to make that clear. If there is a third and fourth person in your group, they are welcome on the two couches we have, or if bringing sleeping bags, laid out on the floor. It is a good place to sleep and shower, and not too much else. There is a kitchen and refrigerator as well, and please keep it neat and tidy if you must use it. There is also a full bathroom, sink, mirror, shower, which is downstairs, outside the loHave your hotel room and rent a car all wrapped up in one.  Explore the Northwest in style in one of our Classic VW Camper vans.  Professionally maintained, and lovingly cared for, Peace Vans rents the best VW Vans. www.p(URL HIDDEN) A VW Vanagon is a classic vehicle configured for comfortable road trips for up to four people.  A pop top tent sleeps 2 and the rear bench seat folks down for 2 more.  Put it all together and drive away to your next camp site each day, or stay a few days in one spot. Visit our web site www.p(URL HIDDEN) to learn more about the experience and the specifics.The old Rainier brewery is a Seattle landmark on the south end of the city. This impeccably finished loft is unique and one-of-a-kind. This residence alone will make your stay memorable. Easy access to highway and public transit.  This loft was built out with meticulous attention to detail. The finishes range from clean and modern to overflowing decadence. Fall in love with this urban oasis. Guests have access to huge rooftop terrace. Enjoy panoramic views that include downtown Seattle. Great place to soak up some sun. Within a two-minute drive, or 10 minute bike ride, experience some of the finest coffee and food Seattle has to offer. Parking on site is free. Bus line right outside. Light rail within a few blocks. (goes to/from SeaTac Airport and Downtown Seattle) My photography does not do this place justice. You will want to spend all of your time inside, remember to get out! this city is beautiful. You will love cooking, eating, and sleeping here. Also enjoy watching movies projectThe Little Red Day spa is a very romantic spot in the SODO district just a few blocks south of the high rise district of downtown Seattle.  We offer Free parking and 3 floors of many other amenities for your enjoyment during your stay.  We are in a Historic Landmark Building in Seattle.   We are on the front row of the 120 year old Rainier Brewery right next to a boutique winery.  Our space is filed with antiques, art, oriental carpets and more.  The space has a lot of character and feeling.    Your Suite will be the 3rd floor of our Spa in the Moroccan Suite (the restroom/shower for this Suite is on the lower level, much like a house) you will have access to the 2nd floor Master Bathroom IF THIS SUITE IS NOT BOOKED and you will have use of our Spa/hot tub area after 9p. If we have other guests staying, it is communal space. Check is 4p. Our guests receive a door code upon arrival so they can feel free to come and go in the evening as they'd like. Check out every day is 11 a.m. (no spaYour cozy suite is completely private w/fully equipped  bathroom & kitchen. Free street parking. When you get back from exploring Seattle, enjoy Wifi, Pandora & Netflix on a 40" smart TV.  Our goal is to ensure you feel at home. -Kitchen includes keurig coffee maker, microwave, mini fridge/freezer, 2-burner stove, sink, and all the basic kitchen supplies  -Free wifi -40" smart tv (Netflix, Pandora) -Private bathroom with shower (hair dryer, hair straightener, shampoo, conditioner, body wash) -Queen tempurpedic bed -Air conditioner (in summer) -Air purifier  -Iron and ironing board -Private space in backyard -Very private & secure -Parking: free non-zoned public parking on the street The studio is on the first level of the townhouse with your own entrance. This studio is very private and we like to respect your space and privacy. You'll get a code to open the door to the apartment, so don't have to worry about getting the keys! We live upstairs and are always available to help (phone/teA comfortable bedroom with a Queen bed.  All that you need for a great stay and feel at home while you are here.  You have a full access to my kitchen,  laundry,  and I have the left side of the driveway to park your car.  Complimentary Keurig coffee, tea, bottled water, OJ, AJ, apples, bananas, bagels or croissants are always available.  Check out my guidebook for places for food and grocery shopping needs. We have a great private room nestled between some of Seattle's most diverse and creative neighborhoods. With a well maintained yard that is open for BBQ's or just to relax There is a veranda for whatever you like and is a great spot for morning coffee, outdoor meals or tea at sunset. There is also a fire pit and firewood available to guests. Our yard is also considerable in size, with several gardening projects, fruit trees. The Chief Sealth interurban biking trail is on its west side.  We keep the house pretty quiet so you can feel comfortable. Please feel free to fill the space wThe third floor is a large private master suite, there are grand queen size beds in the suite.Queen size bed, beautiful view! Near by bus stop(36#)“Home Away from Home with Italian Hospitality" GREAT HOTEL AND B&B ALTERNATIVE - Are you visiting Seattle for an Extended Vacation, Corporate Project, Summer Internship, Medical stay, Relocating or just for a short visit? If you're looking for an alternative to living out of a suitcase,come live in our privately owned home.  ALL INCLUSIVE, FULLY Furnished Mother In Law Apartment Suite - Corporate Housing, Relocation, Vacation, Temporary,Short Term, Long Term Rental, Sublet, Weekly, Monthly. You'll love this bright and spacious home away from home. New MIL in an updated 1910 Craftsman/Farm home on a 10,000 SQFT fenced and gated  lot.  1 LG BDR/1 Full Bath w/ front loader stackable washer and dryer. CAN ACCOMMODATE  4 people since Living room has an additional Queen Size IKEA sofa/sleeper.  The apartment is a Daylight semi-basement unit with lots of windows, its own private entrance, WIFI, Cable, fully furnished kitchen, dining bar, extra sleeping accommodations, (sofa/queen bed) TV, wasWarm and quiet.  Easiest commute in town - From SeaTac airport to our place, it takes only about 20 minutes via LINK light rail, and from our place to downtown Seattle is a 15 minute ride.  From the station to my house only takes 3 minutes by foot. Easiest commute location in town. From airport take "Link" only about 20 min ride. To down town Seattle 15 min ride. From station to my house only take 3 min by foot. Quite & safety place to stay. 距車站僅須步行 3 分鐘, 住家安靜, 舒適又安全 Share the bathroom. Every 7 minutes the "Link" go to airport or down town. Than you can take bus go everywhere you want. Only take 3 minute walking distance to Link station. 住家安靜,安全又舒適. 每 7 分鐘"輕軌電車"去機場或進城, 交通便利, 四通八達. 從住家到車站僅須步行 3 分鐘 Easy parking Most easy communt location in town. From airport take "Link" only about 20 min ride. To down town Seattle 15 min ride. From station to my house only take 3 min walking.  Quite & safety place to stay. 距車站僅須步行 3 分鐘, 住家安靜, 舒適又安全Warm and Quite. Easiest commute in town - From SeaTac airport to our place, it takes only about 20 minutes via LINK light rail, and from our place to downtown Seattle is a 15 minute ride.  From the station to my house only takes 3 min by foot. Most easy commute location in town. Warm and safety place to stay. 住家安靜,安全又舒適.  每 7 分鐘"輕軌電車"去機場或進城, 交通便利, 四通八達 Every 7 minutes the "Link" go to airport or down town. Than you can take bus go everywhere you want. Only take 4 minute walking distance to Link station. 住家安靜,安全又舒適. 每 7 分鐘"輕軌電車"去機場或進城, 交通便利, 四通八達. 從住家到車站僅須步行 4 分鐘 Every 7 minute the "Link" go to airport or down town. Than you can take bus go everywhere you want. Only take 3 minute walking distance to station. 住家安靜,安全又舒適. 每 7 分鐘"輕軌電車"去機場或進城, 交通便利, 四通八達. 從住家到車站僅須步行 3 分鐘 This is a very easy commute location. From airport or to downtown all 20min ride by "LINK" -- the light rail. From station walk to my place only 3min by foot. Quite and clean single bed room. This is a quite and clean single bed room. From airport or to downtown by "LINK"--the light rail, the ride is within 20min. From station walk to my place only need 4min  This is a very easy commute location. We live inside the house. Need any help just knock my door. From airport or to downtown by "LINK"--the light rail all just need 20min ride. And from station walk to my place just neef 4min. We requir all guest inside the house have to take off shose to keep my place clean.Our home is warm and welcoming with thoughtful details. Has loads of sunlight streaming through the windows. It is in a quiet residential neighborhood, close to trendy Georgetown and quaint Columbia City.  Please message me before booking. Come stay in a cozy private bedroom on the top floor of our home. The house is nicely furnished and the room comes with one twin bed. Our home is strictly non-smoking. Convenient, in-city residential location, minutes to I-5, buses, or a 13$ Uber ride downtown. Plenty of free street parking and room for one car in the private driveway. The Cheif Sealth Trail is minutes away and great for biking and walking. There is a shared bathroom on the main floor with a lovely claw foot tub and a rain shower-head with great water pressure. There is great outdoor space with seating if you want to grill, read a book, share a meal or cruise the internet on your laptop. We were born and raised in Seattle, so can offer great ideas for city site seeing (local restauraPrivacy at a great price!  Guests have private, secure entry into the lower level.  4 windows for natural light, Comfy, Sealy queen bed, full bathroom with spa like shower and small kitchen area.  Clean and spacious. The lower level studio is very spacious.  It has a private, newly remodeled full bath and oversized bedroom with a queen, pillowtop, Sealy posturepedic bed.  There is a nice little kitchen area with coffee bar .   Four  Windows bring in natural light (when it is sunny in Seattle :-) all around.  Can make an air mattress for a third person, but it isn't a comfortable sleep so we don't recommend it. Guests will have access to their private rooms with locking doors.  The studio has a Queen Bed, a small kitchen area and a little dining table.  The bathroom will have towels and misc. toiletries provided.  The laundry room is located on the same floor and has a washer and dryer, an ironing board, laundry detergent and fabric softener, which we gladly turn on for you if you let uFeel at home while you're on vacation! Welcome! This fully equipped home is only a 15 minutes drive to Downtown Seattle. The home is 3,000 sq. ft. with lots of privacy in each area of the house. The backyard is amazing. You won't want to leave. The house is bright and breezy. Enjoy dining outside underneath the pergola, throw a steak on the Weber grill, and relax.  You'll be close to the city, but away from the hustle and bustle. The home and neighborhood are very family friendly. And you won't have to fight for parking!  Details: - 3,000 sq. ft. - 3 bedrooms/2.5 baths - Formal living room upstairs - Large TV/rec room downstairs - Bonus room in the attic - One king bed - Two queen beds Amenities: - New washer and dryer - Fully equipped kitchen with new appliances - Ironing board with iron - Large backyard - Coffee maker - WiFi and cable television Nearby attractions: - Pike Place Market 5.7 miles - Lake Union 6.0 miles - Ferry terminal 5.4 miles - Jefferson Park Golf Club 1.3 miles - SThe cottage is like being in the country in the city.  It features a full kitchen, tiled shower, bedroom loft with french doors opening onto a deck surrounded by trees, TV, wifi, wireless speaker to connect to your bluetooth, and off street parking. A large fig tree separates the cottage from the rest of the yard, so privacy is a big selling point.  The space was remodeled in 1997 with a lot of recycled materials, something we value a lot.  And because of that the style is comfortable and a bit funky. Guests are welcome to enjoy the yard.  Off street parking is available. We live in the "big" house on the property and would be happy to provide information, suggestions for sightseeing, restaurants, and so forth.   We love to share stories over appetizers and beverages. Beacon Hill is very residential, multi ethnic and working class.  An Asian market is about 4 blocks away, a fruit and vegetable market 7 blocks away.  The 60 bus takes us to a large super market (Red Apple) in 15 minutes.Full size bed, beautiful view! Shared bathroom. Simple､bright and clean. 3 minutes walk to the bus stop (36#).  2 minute drive to freeway I-5. The room is part of a 8 bedrooms house, this room is on the third floor, the layout on the second floor is the living room､dining room and kitchen. The room is small, but it is bright and clean. Shared bathroom, kitchen, dining room, living room and laundry. 3 minutes walk to the bus stop (36#).  2 minute drive to freeway I-5.Visit Seattle in Style! A luxury Townhome with gourmet kitchen. Centrally located 10 minuets to Downtown or SeaTac Airport. A great location for work or play, close to I-5 and  I-90 so you can experience night life or be in the mountains in one hour! I invite you to come stay in my beautiful, fully furnished townhome with high end luxury amenities. Large flat screen TV with DVD and DVR,  Bose wave sound system. Premium bed linens, plenty of fluffy towels, magnifying mirror, hairdryers and hair product get you ready for your night on the town!  All the pleasures of a high end hotel, with the room to really spread out and relax, cook a gourmet meal, or entertain guests. A large dresser and walk in closet make this the perfect spot for long term guests to feel right at home.  The main floor is open concept with large windows that look out onto green spaces, bamboo flooring, a fully stocked gourmet kitchen with gas range and large slab granite island,  intimate dining space for 2, gas fireMake this your family home away from home with space for a large groups. If you are you coming to Seattle for business or just for fun and  need the feel of a home rather than a crowded hotel or motel room.  And want to save money on resident for your family, friends or work group stay  at Seattle Sleepy on North Beacon Hill.  We are offering you an 1800 sq foot, beautifully furnished, Mid Century home. It is located in Seattle's North Beacon Hill area. The only thing that our guests will need to make themselves at home is their toothbrush and suitcase.  We are looking forward to hosting you. Guest has access to full house. That includes  four large bedrooms; one bedroom downstairs with a double bed, and on the main floor there are three bedrooms with queen size beds. The home has two bathrooms  which includes all towels and misc bath products. The kitchen is located just next to the dining room and has a small breakfast bar of its own. The kitchen is fully equipped with major appliancWarm and quiet.  Easiest commute in town - From SeaTac airport to our place, it takes only about 20min via LINK --light rail, and from our place to downtown Seattle is a 15 minute ride.  From the station to my house only 3min by foot. 距車站僅須步行 3分鐘 Most easy commute location in town. From airport or to downtown take "Link" ---the light rsil only 20min ride. From station to my house only take 3min by foot. Quite & safety place to stay. 從機場或是進城都只需20分鐘 距車站僅須步行 3分鐘, 住家安靜, 舒適又安全 Every 7 minutes the "Link" go to airport or down town. Than you can take bus go everywhere you want. Only take 4minute walking distance to Link station. 住家安靜,安全又舒適. 每 7 分鐘"輕軌電車"去機場或進城, 交通便利, 四通八達. 從住家到車站僅須步行 4 分鐘 We live in the house. If need any help just knock the door. Share the bathroom.Voted "10 hottest neighborhoods in Seattle" By Seattle (website hidden) is conveniently located between up and coming Georgetown & Columbia City, and just 20 minutes to downtown by bus. In this warm and welcoming home you will find original hardwood floors, curved ceilings, large windows with natural light. We are a quiet, close-knit neighborhood, close to trendy Georgetown, downtown/stadium and up and coming Columbia City. Many amenities are supplied including free wifi.  For extra guests, we offer an 'InstaBed Raised Queen', which is extremely comfortable!! Bedroom, bathroom, living room, kitchen, front yard. While we intend not to disturb you during your visit to Seattle, please don't hesitate to reach out for assistance or recommendations for local hotspots and attractions. (phone number hidden) Just down the street… Bar Del Corso! A pizzeria, restaurant and bar featuring wood-fired pizza, and Italian small dishes. (website hidden).  And our favorite local bar/restaurant, The Oak. Queen size bed, beautiful view, The room is part of a 8 bedrooms house, this room is on the third floor, it has a beautiful view, the layout on the second floor is the living room､dining room and kitchen. 4 bedrooms shared 2 bathroom.A small cottage for a single traveler or a cozy couple.  You'll be nestled into a little spot of greenery amidst an urban backdrop.  Bordering Downtown Seattle,  Beacon Hill gives you easy access to the city.  You'll be immersed in one of the most diverse neighborhoods  and I'm proud to show visitors what I love about living here. I can help you decide on how to enjoy our area by foot, bus, train or car.  Feel free to ask me questions! A lovingly built 200 sq. ft. Cottage with a deck overlooking a peaceful garden. A gravel driveway leads you to a hidden urban oasis in the middle of a pleasant city block set back from the street. OUR SMALL ABODE is ideal for a SINGLE visitor or COZY COUPLE. I make no false claims and many a cozy couple have enjoyed it's welcoming curb appeal. I'm often told it feels 'European'. KEEP IN MIND, The Cottage is a BED WITH A BATHROOM. The garden separates you from our home, giving you a view of greenery to enjoy from the deck. WE DO NOT OFFER A KITCHEN as ourPrivate room with full bath, private patio and wifi. Only 7 minutes from airport and 7 minutes from downtown Seattle. Host is Seattle native with knowledge of food, entertainment and unique places to visit. The guest suite and kitchen and laundry room are open to guest. We love interaction and will most likely be on location mornings and evenings as you come and go. Access to main freeway, I5, is just 4 blocks away. Bus access (#106) to downtown Seattle is 4 blocks away and Bus access (#36) to downtown through Beacon Hill Neighborhood is 5 blocks away.Traveling as a group? This basement apartment is your spot! Sleeping arrangements for 6, plus a pack n' play for the littlest one. Childproofed; but just as inviting for adults! Walking distance to restaurants and bus stops. We invite you to come stay in our cozy basement apartment. We do not offer a full kitchen, but there is a microwave, a small refrigerator and freezer, and a Keurig with regular and decaf coffee, tea, and hot chocolate options. I am happy to stock your favorite beverages or snacks. Please let me know what I can have waiting for you upon your arrival and if you have any specific diet requests. You are also welcome to use the charcoal grill and relax on the back patio or run around in the big yard. The main living area includes a large couch and two large, comfy chairs. There are three bedrooms. Bedding includes a queen bed with a memory foam topper and a down mattress topper and memory foam pillows, a full-size bed with a memory foam topper, a twin-size air mattress,Charming 2-bed home in great neighborhood.  Loads of privacy and space -  Large backyard, minutes to downtown Seattle, Stadiums, downtown, Capital Hill, etc.. Perfect for families or groups coming into town for a game, or an extended period of time. Cozy one story home located in the heart of Beacon Hill. Home features 2 bedrooms & 1 full bath. Hardwood floors through-out. New interior & exterior paints. Kitchen features plenty of cabinets, with all the appliances. Bright airy living room, dining room off the kitchen. Huge backyard, with a nice patio set to hang out.  Plenty of free parking in front of the house.  Near bus lines and the wonderful Maplewood Park. Guests have access to the whole house, and back yard. All the information you need to access the house will be sent to your personal email address prior to your arrival. Each house has a lockbox for easy in/out Nearby Maplewood Park - includes walking path and big playground area. Convenient access to Columbia City, Georgetown,Stay in the heart of Seattle in this beautiful log cabin.  Sleeps 4 with a queen bed in loft area and pull out couch in living space. Beautiful cabin with all the amenities.  Close to restaurants, coffee shops and 5 min light rail to down town. The unique  log  cabin was custom built in 2003. It features a main living area, kitchen and bathroom(w/shower).  The loft which is accessed by a large step ladder contains a queen bed.  The loft has low ceilings, my 8 year old can stand up in it, but most grown ups can't.  It's very cozy and comfortable.  The living space on the main floor contains a pull out queen bed in the leather sectional.  Cozy electric fireplace and all the amenities make this a perfect retreat! You have full access to the yard and cabin, please keep gates closed at all times as there is a very friendly dog on property (Bernadette). Please let us know if you need anything, we are available by text or phone and if we are home, please come knock on the door! This home is iOur home is warm and welcoming with thoughtful details. Has loads of sunlight streaming through the south windows throughout the day. It is in a quiet residential neighborhood, close to trendy Georgetown and quaint Columbia City. Come stay in a cozy private bedroom on the top floor of our home. The house is nicely furnished and the room comes with two twin beds, and a seating area. Our home is strictly non-smoking. Convenient, in-city residential location, minutes to I-5, buses, or a 13$ Uber ride downtown.  Plenty of free street parking and room for one car in the private driveway. The Cheif Sealth Trail is minutes away and great for biking and walking. There is a shared bathroom on the main floor with a lovely claw foot tub and a rain shower head with great water pressure.  There is great outdoor space with seating if you want to grill, read a book, share a meal or cruise the internet on your laptop. We were born and raised in Seattle, so can offer great ideas for city site seeing (lSituated on the edge of a green belt with a large wooded back yard, the huge bedroom is relaxing w/ private  bathroom, your own entry,  queen bed and desk area. Local organic coffee provided, two closets, microwave and mini fridge. Wifi and Complimentary cannabis gear for your use. 21+ only   Special Introductory Pricing for a limited time!   The private entry guest room is more like a private apartment with a four poster bed, comfy armchair, desk area, coffee machine, and large en-suite bathroom with walk in dual head shower. There is plenty of storage space, microwave, mini fridge, dishes, hangers, iron and ironing board. My goal is to cover all the quality essentials for your stay. The coffee provided for your brewing pleasure is local fair trade organic.  Being a cannabis friendly bed and breakfast we have provided all the complimentary essential for your use while staying with us, like bongs, pipes, rolling paper etc. We have also provided you with all the essential for ultimate rVoted "10 hottest neighborhoods in Seattle" By Seattle (website hidden) is conveniently located between up and coming Georgetown & Columbia City, and just 20 minutes to downtown by bus.An oasis just five minutes from downtown, this loft studio has an open floor plan, tall ceilings with lots of natural light, gas stove, radiant floor heating, and a large patio with hot tub and tranquil gardens.  Perfect for work or weekend retreat! This loft studio is a unique, tranquil space hand built by the owner.  Much of the materials were second use or reclaimed. There is one parking space up top on the street (the 2nd space from the left facing the upper house).  There is also parking across the street on the southeast corner. The owner is available through phone and email if needed. Beacon Hill is one of the most diverse neighborhoods in Seattle, and just minutes from downtown. The loft is just a few minutes from I-5 access, and close to a few bus routes that go directly downtown. Please do not put anything down the toilet besides toilet paper since the plumbing runs on the pump system.Queen size bed, suite ,3 minutes walk to the bus stop (36#).  Simple､bright and clean.Decent sized private Beacon Hill studio with private bathroom, a double/full sized bed, kitchenette and access to yard. Ideal for visitors looking to explore Seattle, Washington state and the PNW, or business travelers. Close to Interstate 5 and bus. Decent sized private Beacon Hill studio with private bathroom, full-sized bed, kitchenette and access to yard. Ideal for visitors looking to explore Seattle, Washington state and the PNW, or business travelers. Brand New Townhome. The airbnb space listed here is the ground floor private living space with a full private bathroom. (About 400 sq ft). The studio includes its own access to the small backyard Guests have access to the entire first floor living space. The space is private with key or electronic keypad entry. Patio access to the back. I am fairly new to the city of Seattle myself, being that I only moved to the city of Seattle recently and had spent even less time in the neighborhood of Beacon Hill. I would be able to provide basiGreat vintage feel and simple comfort to take care of you during your stay. Soft and calming room with vintage accents to help you feel at home. We have cozy heaters for your comfort. Host really enjoys meeting new people but gives you space to do your own thing Great vintage feel and simple comfort to take care of you during your stay. Soft and calming room with vintage accents to help you feel at home. We have cozy heaters for your comfort. Host really enjoys meeting new people but gives you space to do your own thing Welcome to the stylish Vintage Room!    This  room has been recently renovated in early 1900's era furniture in honor of the buildings vintage history. This room is simple and very sunny with soft colors and  curtains that can block out the sun for late sleepers zzzzzz.. Now more about our lovely building and neighborhood Our new  space has three private and unique guest rooms.  Our building has a VERY interesting history and was built as a hotel in 1904. Some of it's rThis is a clean, quiet & cozy full bedroom with private downstairs. Full bathroom available for all of your needs. Located in North Beacon Hill 25min #106 Metro bus ride to downtown. 37min commute from airport via Link Light Rail & Metro bus #106. Your room is on the first floor, down the stairs upon entering the house. Take a right through the doorway and your room is on the right. It is furnished with a full bed, small fan, and space heaters. The bathroom is located on the same hallway as the bedroom for which you have booked. It will be the first door on the right when walking from the upstairs living area. The towels are stacked in a wooden crate in the bathroom. Guests are allowed to access all areas of the home EXCEPT the second floor- Roommate quarters. Can access backyard and front porch and garden. Please refrain from buying and storing multiple days groceries. There is just not enough fridge space to accommodate all house guests private food. My roommates follow strict dietarclean and comfy bedroom&bathroom,located in townhouse just one block to safeway market,clinic and resturants,3 minutes walk to the light rail station and bus station,it takes 15 minutes from sea-tac airport to our place and 20minutes to downtown. Big,quiet and clean room in lovely townhouse,room has a desk and lots of light.There are fresh towels and linens for you, and there's a wall heater in the room for temperature control. Located in townhouse and features a wide array of  safeway market,clinic,UPS,park and resturants.beaty views and quiet enviorment. clean and comfy bedroom&bathroom,located in townhouse just one block to safeway market,clinic,dental clinic and resturants,3 minutes walk to the light rail station and bus station,it takes 15 minutes from sea-tac airport to our place and 20 minutes to downtown. For some reasons,the owner is not sleep in the house,so we will meet you when you come here,and supply something what you need.Private first floor of house (750 sq ft) in the South Beacon Hill neighborhood of Seattle.  Owner lives on upper floor, and works as a social worker in the city.  Warm, friendly environment with an emphasis on flexibility and respecting your privacy. Located between SeaTac Airport and downtown Seattle, along bus lines, and very close to light rail, the house is also just a short drive south of the VA Hospital. First floor of house includes private parking space.  Private entrance with keycode access.  Warm inviting living space, bedroom, bathroom, and work space. Home owner lives on upper floor and is available in case there are any problems. Bus lines and light rail are close by.  Cute neighborhood of Beacon Hill is about 10 minutes north along Beacon Ave.  The house is about halfway between downtown Seattle and SeaTac Airport.Clean, charming, centrally located home loaded with full amenities and offers perfect location for people looking to enjoy Seattle. Private large fenced backyard, 3-bedrooms, and just 10 minutes to anywhere in downtown, or the stadium district.  Clean, charming, centrally located home loaded with full amenities and offers perfect location for people looking to enjoy Seattle. Loads of privacy with a large fenced backyard, 3-bedrooms, and just 10 minutes to anywhere in the city, (also 10 minutes to Seatac International airport, or 13 minutes using the Link Light Rail).   The house is located in the Beacon Hill neighborhood, one of Seattle's oldest and most storied neighborhoods.  Beacon Hill offers great transportation, and lots of charming spots for eating and shopping. The house includes free internet, microwave, laundry, DVD, ping-pong, etc..  It's great for groups small and large, and can be fully equipped for anyone traveling with small children (just ask!). This home is located on In the Pacific Northwest's Emerald City, treat yourselves to the peacefulness of a well-situated vacation hub. Enjoy public or private transportation to Seattle's vibrant downtown: Pike Place Market, Seattle Center, Space Needle, shopping, museums, theaters and nightlife - only 30 minutes away by multiple inexpensive routes. 3 blocks from hiking trail leading through mini rainforest to beautiful Puget Sound vistas and sunsets. Perfectly poised for private travel to major industries: Boeing - 45 minutes, Microsoft campuses - 40 minutes. Take nearby Washington State Ferries to mountain and island exploration. Easy and fast access to mountains east and west and Olympic Peninsula Rain Forest & Mount Rainier National Park: less than 2 hours from Canadian border, less than 3 hours by car (or take the magnificent train ride!) to sister-city Portland, OR. Feast on wild Alaska or Columbia River salmon (multiple seasons during the year), tasty local produce and Northwest wines. Occupy one half oIf you're looking for a quiet place to stay with the comforts of home while you are here visiting our beautiful city this is the place for you! While here you will be able to experience one of Seattle's hip and vibrant neighborhoods. This Charming 3 story home is located in the heart of one of Seattle's most vibrant, eclectic and exciting neighborhoods. The space available includes a private room and  private bathroom. There is a large private living room which can accommodate 2 to 3 guest as well as 2 in the private bedroom. There is a microwave, small refrigerator, toaster oven and coffee with mugs available.  With the hip and happening Greenwood Ave. just 3 blocks away, you are only a short walk from the wide array of bars, restaurants and specialty shops Greenwood has to offer. While exploring the neighborhood be sure to head 2 blocks North and check out Chuck's Hopshop; the land of 1000 beers, where you will find dogs, children and adults playing games, eating ice cream and tastinThis is a completely private mother-in-law studio which is attached to our home.  It has a private entrance, kitchen, bathroom, and full size bed. The studio has an attached deck which looks out into a large fenced backyard. Come stay in Greenwood! This mother-in-law studio is attached to the back of our house. There is a door that connects this unit to the main house, but it is locked from both sides so the unit is completely yours during your stay.  The unit is approximately 300 square feet and will comfortably fit two people (who are planning on sharing the bed). Full kitchen with fridge, gas stove, dishwasher, microwave, coffee maker, pots/pans, dishes, and everything else you would need. Tons of natural light from the French doors, two windows, and two skylights. The French doors open onto a partially covered deck and a large fenced back yard. We allow small pets, either one dog or one cat. We can make exceptions for multiple pets in special situations . Please send a message withOur recently fully renovated 1940's home has all the amenities you are looking for: excellent location near transportation, restaurants and shops, 3 well-appointed bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms, air conditioning, reliable WiFi, large-screen television, treadmill, and a beautiful private backyard with a new BBQ and eating area. Our space offers traditional Seattle charm through details like brass doorknobs and detailed woodwork however is fully updated for good convenience. There are three bedrooms- 2 with queen beds (one has no windows) and 1 with 2 twin beds. You are welcome to make yourselves at home in our space!  This is our primary residence but we will leave room for you in the refrigerator, food cupboard, and bedroom storage areas- two of the three rooms have almost entirely empty closets and drawers with the exception of our master bedroom.  If you do require clothing storage space there, please contact us with that request upon booking.  In addition, please enjoy our television, Well equipped and maintained apt in an older building. Great neighborhood, lots of cafes, Pubs and a bakery next door. Close to Greenlake Park and the Zoo.Our spacious 2 bedroom apartment is modern, clean, and affordable.  Only a ten minute drive (or bus ride) from downtown Seattle,  the Whitman Avenue Suites offers a comfortable stay for up to six people. Clean and comfortable, this apartment offers everything you will need for your visit to the Seattle area, whether it's for the weekend, a week or even an extended stay.   Visiting family and business travelers both will be pleased with the convenience of location to the city and the surrounding neighborhoods.  The apartment is situated on the bottom floor of a 3 story building and has direct access to a designated parking spot.  Laundry facilities are located on the same level and bus lines, that will take you directly into downtown Seattle, are just one block away. The apartment itself is furnished and has a fully equipped kitchen; pots/pans, cooking utensils, tea kettle w/assortment of teas, coffee pot w/filters, assortment of spices, salt/pepper, dish rack, dish soap/sponges, dishwaPRIVATE GUEST HOUSE SITUATED IN THE HEART OF PHINNEY RIDGE. WALKING DISTANCE TO GREEN LAKE AND SHOPS AND RESTAURANTS ON GREENWOOD AVE. LOFTED QUEEN BED, WITH LIVING ROOM, KITCHENETTE, FULL BATH. GARDEN SEATING AREA. GAS FIREPLACE, HARDWOOD FLOORS.  KITCHEN INCLUDES MINI-FRIDGE, COFFEE MAKER, ELECTRIC KETTLE, TOASTER AND MICROWAVE (NO STOVE OR HOTPLATE). GARDEN SEATING AREA AND GUEST ENTRANCE IS IN A COMMON AREA WITH HOSTS' BACK DECK AND GARDEN. HOSTS ARE AVAILABLE TO HELP WITH RECOMMENDATIONS IN THE AREA, BUT ALSO WILL GIVE COMPLETE PRIVACY IF YOU PREFER (ALSO CHECK OUT THE RECOMMENDATIONS IN OUR GUIDEBOOK) CORNUTO, HECHO, BLUEBIRD ICE CREAM AND BREWERY, HERKIMER COFFEE, GREEN LAKE AND WOODLANDS PARKS, WOODLANDS ZOO, EASY TAXI TO NEARBY NEIGHBORHOODS OF BALLARD, FREMONT, WALLINGFORD WALKING DISTANCE TO MAJOR SEATTLE BUS LINES. YELLOW CAB/UBER ARE GREAT OPTIONS AS WELL.Updated and inviting home in family-friendly Phinney Ridge neighborhood, centrally located with many Seattle attractions nearby. Ballard, Fremont, Greenwood, Green Lake, Downtown, restaurants, pubs, shops, nightlife, beaches, parks and museums await. This updated Seattle home (in the Phinney Ridge neighborhood) is one of two units in a duplex, encompasses the entire second (top) floor with private access and no neighbors above. Thoroughly updated and contemporary design with lots of light keeps this space fresh, inviting and calming.  Two large bedrooms, each with a plush queen-sized bed, are sure to provide a comfortable place to lay your head. Large closets and dressers ensure you can unpack and make yourself at home, or use the luggage racks to easily access items in your suitcase without unpacking if that's your preference.  There's also a cozy den (with a door so it can function as a small bedroom, though there is no closet in this room), which includes a full-sized futon (with coSuper comfy bungalow house 3 blocks from transit, restaurants, bars, coffee & karaoke! Half block from a grocery store and park/playground. Huge yard with fire pit, brand new gas grill, lounge-worthy living room & all the modern creature comforts! Super comfy bungalow house set on a beautiful piece of land in the heart of the city, perfect for a bigger group or family. This is my urban homestead. No chickens, but 7 garden beds and four composters! I aspire to share garden grown produce with my guests during key harvest periods! Plus a brand new gas grill for summer BBQs (I have a charcoal one too!) and a fire pit with chiminea - perfect for making s'mores on a cool evening!  Two bedrooms, one with a queen bed, the other with a twin trundle bed. All the modern comforts you need. Cook here, hang here, just treat it like your home away from home. Bonus: Super cute, well socialized cats Mako and Kelly Belly. "I'm not a cat person, but I like your cats." --previous guest (*Note: early guestEntire home with 3 bedrooms and 2.5 baths, ample storage, parking spot, and a landscape built for lounging and hosting. Walk to a 24-hour grocery store, buses, and to the beach through a lush park. Experience the REAL Seattle, here in Ballard. Take a stroll along Market Street -- window shop the hipster boutiques, sip single-origin espresso at Ballard Coffee Works, and peruse the Ballard Farmer's Market on a fresh Sunday morning. Our townhouse is unlike the others in our area. It has a nice backyard, equipped with a hammock, tables, and festive string lights for that relaxing evening tea (or beer!) The house features two adjacent bedrooms, with their own private bathrooms and closets and having a large desk in one of the bedrooms. There is also one bedroom on the ground level; that bedroom uses the half-bath. Our townhouse is also unique thanks to its proximity to King County Metro bus lines. Get a one-seat ride to Ballard, Queen Anne, Downtown, South Lake Union, and Pioneer Square. ByVintage home welcomes you with a private bedroom and very comfortable (memory foam) bed.  I currently have a travel nurse staying until early January and it is working out great for both of us. Close to hospitals and public transportation. The room has a queen sized bed and is next to the full bath. The home is vintage (1914) and located in a quiet part of "Greenwood". You will have access to kitchen, diningroom, backyard with firepit and "Chicken TV", off-street parking, Wi-fi, cable TV.  I am conveniently located close to a major bus route and local hospitals.  This is a great situation for travel nurses.  I currently have a TN living here until the beginning of January and it works well for both of us.  I would be happy to host another nurse! The bathroom is shared.  The kitchen is available for your use and has stove, microwave, toaster oven, espresso machine. You are very welcome to use the back garden space with table, chairs and firepit for those chilly evenings. I am here to asMy brand new townhouse on the third row from street, where it's quite, private, has 1 guest br with 1.25 shared bath. 15 minutes from downtown, nearby restaurants, bars, groceries and more! Radiant heating temperature control will keep you warm + blackout blinds with isolation. Free Street Parking Available. Access to the room and bathroom. Access upper floor only for laundry. I'll be mostly around if you need help. You can reach me on my cell phone if you have questions. 15-20 minutes to the downtown by E-line, while being near Greenlake, restaurants, bars and groceries. Vey close bus stop, 15-20 minutes to the downtown for less than $3.One month minimum booking, please.  Be our guest! All you'll need is your toothbrush and a fresh set of clothes. You'll find everything you need in this lovely townhouse. Walk to bars, cafes, restaurants, chocolate shop, grocery stores, banks, boutiques, bookstores, library and more, just a few minutes walk away. Amenities include: -Nice furnished bedroom in a quiet 3 bedroom townhouse -Peaceful, clean and cozy home  -Comfortable queen size bed and down comforter/pillows -Washer/Dryer  -Dishwasher  -Gas range  -Granite countertops  -Hardwood floors in upper levels   -4 laying hens! -WIFI  -Free bicycle to borrow  -Free and easy street parking  -Easy and direct bus access to downtown and UW  -1.5 miles to Greenlake  -1.5 miles to downtown Ballard neighborhood  -2 miles to Golden Garden beach -Clean (shared) bathroom with deep tub  -2.5 bath townhouse  Cleaning fee of $50 will not be charged if you thoroughly clean the spaces you've used yourself (bedroom, any cupboards for longer term gDaylight basemt apt in 1920's bungalow in quiet neighbrhd 15 minutes from downtown .  Kitchen w/full refrig, 2-burnr cooktop & microwave.  2 pers dining table.  Separate bedrm w/ Q bed, hanging space in closet. Private bath. Wash/Dryr use w/approval. Private entrance to daylight apartment. I live in a quiet and friendly neighborhood with easy access to the bus lines.  Lots of great restaurants and coffee shops within walking distance. Full use of basement apartment - bath, entrance hallway w/bench seat, kitchen and private bedroom w/hanging space in closet.  Use of washer & dryer upon approval.  Check w/Judy for details. I will usually be here during your stay.  Happy to sip a cup of coffee with you if you want to visit.  I also respect your privacy.  I will share my back deck for relaxation and outdoor dining - check with me in advance. Greenwood is a very fun neighborhood with lots of fabulous restaurants, cafes and shopping within walking distance from my house.  There is a new bakeQuiet and cozy, great smells from cedar ceiling. Bathroom and kitchen are in another building on the property. Very unique healing place.  Flat screen tv and lots of DVD's. The "shack" is behind the ski chalet which is the house in front of it. It it a converted garage. . It has a Queen Size bed hanging on chains from the ceiling. There is a TV with DVDs and a refrigerator, electricity, electric heat,. There is no plumbing. There is an outdoor sink available at all times. The cedar ceiling makes the place smell wonderful. There are tea pots for making tea and a hot plate as well.  There is a shared bathroom in the main house. Backyard Enjoy the garden or the trampoline in the secret garden.Inexpensive room in a good neighborhood between Green Lake and Greenwood, just off Highway 99. This is a room in the basement. Shared full bathroom upstairs. Own small carpeted room downstairs with desk and real mattress on floor (no boxspring).  Clean sheets and pillowcase.  Free Wi-Fi access.  Shared full bathroom upstairs. Limited kitchen access. You may store food in fridge and use my microwave but guests must provide their own food.   I am quite busy but will do my best to answer any questions you may have.  I respect my guests' privacy. This is a quiet neighborhood, yet close to the city and Green Lake.  There is a bus stop just one block away. I do have a young son who stays with me sometimes upstairs so it is important to me that you are a safe and sane kind of person. Own small carpeted room downstairs with desk and real mattress on floor (no boxspring).  Clean sheets and pillowcase.  Free Wi-Fi access.  Shared full bathroom upstairs. Limited kitchen access. You may store foodThis is a room located on the main floor of the house. It has a bathroom with shower.  The house his blocks away from two bus lines that run down town. #5 and #28. One bus line running to the University of WA . #48. Food is not included.  This room sleeps two comfortably and the max is two as well. The main bathroom for the house is accessed through this room so we ask our guest to allow access into the room between 10 am and 9pm. If staying more then one night, you will be given a key. We prefer guest that like to interact with our family and not stay in the room behind a closed door. Great neighborhood. Quite and safe. Plenty of parking. #5 or #28 bus to downtown. No pets on site or allowed. Food is not included. Enjoy Seattle from its northern Greenwood neighborhood! Suite include a bedroom, private bathroom and garden. The house is a few blocks from Greenwood Ave, with lot of coffee, food and fun places! Easy access to Ballard, Greenlake, UW and downtown. Spacious room on the first floor of a townhouse in Greenwood, Seattle. The room comes with a private full bathroom and direct access to a patio / closed garden. Our guest have full access to the kitchen on the second floor, with reserved fridge and cabinet space. We love food and want to hear about your recipes! The house is currently inhabited by an American (fluent in Spanish), a Canadian (fluent in Chinese), and a French - we love to meet travelers! We still love our privacy and intend to respect yours as well. Greenwood is part of the great neighborhoods of northern Seattle. We are only a few blocks away from the center of Greenwood, with lot of food and fun places. There are several grocery stores at walking distance. The house is at 20Hardwoods, fireplace, 1926 craftsman with large garden welcomes you to stay and enjoy the city of Seattle, yet feel like you are in the countryside. Close to downtown by bus or car, Greenlake, Greenwood, Fremont and Northgate. Quiet street.You'll be renting a private room in the Greenwood neighborhood of Seattle, with easy bus access to Downtown, University District, Fremont, and Ballard. Plenty of local entertainment options: park, breweries, coffeeshops, and bars for evening plans. Enjoy public or private transportation to Seattle's vibrant downtown: Pike Place Market, Seattle Center, Space Needle, Great Wheel, Waterfront, Aquarium, shopping, museums, theaters and nightlife - only 30 minutes away by multiple inexpensive bus routes. 1/2 mile blocks from hiking trail leading through urban forest to beautiful Puget Sound vistas, beach, and sunsets. Owner is an avid Northwest hiker, and would gladly point you towards near or far trails if interested! Perfectly poised for private travel to major industries: Boeing facility - 45 minutes, Microsoft campuses - 40 minutes. Take a dazzling ride on the nearby Washington State Ferries for mountain and island exploration. Easy and fast access to mountains east and west and Olympic A spacious private room inside a modest 2 bedroom apartment in the Greenwood neighborhood. You will have access to the apartment's kitchen, bath, balcony, and living room. It's a skip away from groceries, theatres, bars, restaurants, and bus lines. This is a bright, sunny room in a vintage home.  Conveniently located in a quiet neighborhood with the #5 bus just a block away and 20 minutes to Downtown. Greenwood has many coffee shops, eateries and shopping within walking distance from the house. This is a very quiet space for rest and relaxation.  Not only do you get excellent coffee (or teas) in the morning,  along with an assortment of breakfast items; fresh eggs are available from my chickens!  Breakfast is included in the price of the room. In addition to sharing the bathroom, you will have access to the kitchen, separate mini-fridge, diningroom and lovely yard with firepit and a space to watch "Chicken TV".  There is off-street parking and  Wi-fi is available.   No parties or overnight guests. Lock doors when you leave.  Also, shut off heat, lights, computer, etc. when you leave for the day. Smoking is outside.  No pot smoking, no drugs or heavy alcohol use. Sorry, but no guest pets.  I have 2 cats and 2 chickens. Quiet time 1 mins walk to bus stop, which get you to downtown Seattle in 10 minutes. 5 minutes walk to park, community college. 15 minutes walk to Green lake, or less than 5 minutes by bus.  10 minutes by bus to Golden Gardens park.  2 minutes walk to storeFor those low budget travelers that need just a place to sleep, shower, and a toilet then you found it.  This listing is for me providing a two person tent, sleeping pads, and sleeping bags. I also have a three person tent available. Min 2 night stay We have space in our back yard for a couple of tents. This listing is for a two person tent, sleeping pads, and bags. I also have a three person tent but it is a bit snug and there is an additional fee for the extra person. Our neighbor does have a dog so we ask you to keep the noise down to help prevent the dog from barking.  NO SMOKING OR SMOKERS.  I will discount the price by $10 if you bring your own gear. As a tent guest you will have access to a toilet at anytime. Access to a shower is limited from 10am to 9pm. My schedule is crazy but since you will be staying outside then the tent will be ready for you prior to your arrival. Then we can meet later in the day to go through bathroom access inside the house. We live a nice quite and sLarge comfortable private room with lots of light in three bedroom townhouse in the north Greenwood Neighborhood. Extended stays welcome. Located on the Rapid Ride Transit line to downtown. Private bathroom with tub/shower. Washer/Dryer. Parking available on street.  West exposure means lots of sun.  Access to kitchen, bathroom adjacent to your room, living room with lots of windows, and a large organic garden too! I have a flexible work schedule so I will be available to answer your questions and take care of issues. Enjoy this newly home with great features such as gas stove, new appliances, new floors, small fenced yard, with private garage. One block from main bus line and main freeways. There is some street noise.  Queen bed, full bed and pull out couch bed.  Our townhouse is a new, clean and comfortable place to stay while you visit Seattle! Located on the north end of the city it allows you more space at an affordable price and just a convenient 15-20minute bus ride away from all of the attractions of downtown. The townhouse also offers a garage for off street parking and free high-speed internet. Walking distance to grocery store, Starbucks, movie theater, and other food vendors. Also, for shoppers the townhouse is only a short bus ride or 5 minute car drive to Northgate mall.  Guests will have  What ever they need I try to assist. This is an urban townhouse located in the city so please expect normal city and traffic noise. Also, please exercise caution and do not leave valuables in your caOur house is a remodeled craftsman-style house at the bottom of Phinney Ridge, surrounded by a lush garden. We are within a few minutes walking distance of Green Lake and the tennis courts, pool, and jogging paths on its shores. We are also within a few blocks of the shops and restaurants on Greenwood Ave. While convenient to SR-99/Aurora for a fast commute downtown (10-15 min), the house is on a quiet and peaceful street, full of charming old houses and friendly neighbors. The bus stop for RapidRide into downtown is around the corner.  The house is a beautiful craftsman on the outside, but has been renovated on the inside to expose the original beams and to allow in tons of light. The main floor includes an open living/dining room space (table seats 6), the kitchen, a bathroom, a home office room, and access to the main deck and garden. The master bedroom fills the enclosed loft space, and includes a jacuzzi tub in the second bathroom. The bedroom also has amazing views of Mt. RainierComfy bungalow 3 blocks from transit, restaurants, bars, coffee & karaoke! Half block from grocery store and park. Huge back yard, lounge-worthy living room & all the modern creature comforts. Other room in house: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/4360485 Twin room that's super comfortable for one person, and a great value for two, thanks to a trundle bed with a second twin bed. Note: the room is pretty tight with both beds in use. No problem though because the room is in a super comfy bungalow house with plenty of lounging/social space, and is set on a beautiful piece of land in the heart of the city. This is my urban homestead. No chickens, but 7 garden beds, four composters and a worm bin. I aspire to share garden grown produce with my guests during key harvest periods! Plus a fire pit with chiminea - perfect for making s'mores on a cool evening!  All the modern comforts you need. Cook here, hang here, just treat it like your home away from home. Bonus: Super cute, well socialized cats MThis quiet modern town home is 1/2 mile walk from quaint Greenwood and three blocks from the express bus downtown.  Be sure to make time to stay in, too--cook a meal in the fully stocked kitchen and relax by the fireplace. I love my house both because of the location and its comfortable vibe! I ride my bike to the university (4 miles away), drive 6 minutes to Green Lake (a great 3 mile loop around the lake), walk or run around the neighborhood, or walk 1/2 mile into Greenwood or Phinney (3/4 mile) where there are bars, breweries (three!), restaurants, and shops.  Inside, I like to cuddle up next to the fire and read a book, cook a delicious meal for friends, or watch TV upstairs. And, let's be real, do a bunch of work in my office. It's quiet and cozy! You have access to the whole house, with the exception of the garage. The house is in the middle of the block, off of the main streets, and there's an alleyway with parking (nearly always). If my house is open, it means I'm out of town. My home is located a quaint neighborhood, steps from Greenwood's cafes and restaurants, and 3 blocks north of adorable Phinney Ridge.  Use the space as a comfortable base from which to explore Seattle, but leave time to relax on the patio deck! This 1914 craftsman was recently renovated. It was revamped to be eco-friendly with modern comforts. You'll love cooking in the spacious kitchen with a big island, tons of counter space, and top-notch appliances.  The front porch and patio, as well as the back deck, all appointed with comfortable furniture, are great spaces to while away an afternoon.  The bedrooms are a good size with a generous amount of closet space and queen sized beds. Both upstairs bedrooms have private full baths.  The living room is equipped with HD television, nice sound system, and cozy furnishings. Wifi is available. You'll have access to the whole house, including the finished basement bedroom if needed. The only area off-limits will be the garage, and the basement sWelcome to a comfortable home within a home!  This amazing place is a private entranced home in the lower level of a 3-story house in the beautiful Greenwood/Phinney/Greenlake area of Seattle, just north of downtown.  One huge private bedroom offers a walk-in closet, desk and lots of room to stretch out, (or add a Queen-sized air mattress.)  The living room provides cable TV, movies, and surround sound with an ample kitchen and bar seating.  The walk-in shower is a perfect spa-like retreat. The Coca-Cola kitchen and Parisian living room is only a part of the fun themed space that you get to enjoy.  The fireplace and walk-in shower creates ambiance and romance, while the spacious bedroom and private entrance gives you everything you need in a get-away. Beautiful outdoor entertaining space included with tables, fire pit, grill, and chairs. I am only a text away, or potentially upstairs if you need anything. Fantastic restaurants of all ethnicities within walking distance, Gold's Gym downBright and Airy home in the Greenwood neighborhood. perfectly located close to Ballard, Greenlake, Golden Gardens, and close to downtown with easy HWY 99 and I5 access. Great coffee shops, bars and restaurants within walking distance.Welcome to Greenwood Avenue! This 800 square foot apartment is perched in the trees facing  a young, fun and busy street. Lined with 3 sports bars and several "regular" bars including Naked City Brewing, 24 hour diner, Paint and Sip, Wells Fargo, Yoga Studio, Great Clips, Olive and Grape..just to name a few. From the front door you'll have access to all the above plus a 15 minute bus ride to downtown attractions and neighboring areas such as Fremont, Queen Anne and Ballard. We have one very comfortable queen size bed in the bedroom, with available top off the line double air bed to set up in the living room. Full kitchen and gas grill on the porch, room for two. Covered parking is available, please request if needed. Included in price. We will check you in at 2pm on Thursday and check out Sunday at 12pm. We are flexible, although we request at minimum a two night stay. There is a kitty who typically lives in this space, before your arrival the house will be professionally cleaned. JustA newly-built 1BR being LEED Platinum certified is private, sunny and thoughtfully prepared. You'll appreciate comforts like high end bed and desk chair, LED lighting, plush bathrobes, granite in the full kitchen, W/D & onsite massage therapist. This is a full 1 BR apartment inside a new home targeting LEED Platinum certification - modern, energy efficient, and well-appointed! We've had tourists, folks travelling for work, people who want a base of operations while relocating to Seattle, parents visiting UW with their high school kids, parents visiting their children and families with young children of their own. Short walking distance to Greenwood -- and Seattle-renowned Neptune Coffee and Chuck's Hop Shop -- we designed this 650 sq ft, 1 BR unit for guests. It's private and sunny, with the sort of comforts we would want in our home. Polished concrete floors, a fabulously comfortable bed, LED lights, radiant wall heat, and high speed guest Internet WiFi access are the basics in this tGreat location in Greenwood neighborhood of Seattle. One block from library and Greenwood Ave, many restaurants/shops. Greenlake, bus lines to University District, downtown within a couple blocks. Room has nice light, accommodations are basic. Two rooms in older home -- if you're looking for a place with quaint charm in a wonderful neighborhood, this could be it for you. Built in 1920's owned by a handyman so lots of interesting features.  But if you are looking for pristine new construction this is not the place for you. House has four bedrooms. Available rooms are on second floor. One full bathroom on first floor. Additional toilet in basement. Great location -- convenient to I-5 and Aurora as well as buslines on N 85th, Greenwood Ave and Aurora Ave. 1 block from Greenwood library as well as easy access to the many wonderful restaurants and shops on Greenwood Ave. 10 -- 15 minute walk to Greenlake Rooms are basically furnished - dresser, futon, chair and have good sized closets. No sSpacious and private guest suite (1 bd/1 ba) located in Seattle's vibrant Phinney Ridge neighborhood!  Close to great restaurants and bars and only 4 blocks to Greenlake! The house is located just blocks from two express bus lines downtown. Room and bathroom are connected and part of a large well lit basement.  The unit has it's own private entrance off of a beautiful yard.  Access to the room is through an unfinished part of the basement. Guests have access to high speed wireless internet, a very comfortable bed, a sofa and smart television (set up with Hulu and Netflix). Guests can chose to have a completely private experience with extremely limited interaction with us or we are happy to talk/have a drink and tell you about Seattle and places to visit. Phinney/Greenwood is AWESOME!  We are 2 blocks from many unique restaurants, bars and shops.  It has a great Seattle feel with no chain restaurants or big box stores.   We are a 5-10 minute walk to Greenlake where you can walk the beauPrivate room in the Greenwood/Phinney Ridge neighborhood. Private bathroom with tub and heated floors. Walk to some of the best cafes in Seattle. Dozens of restaurants, bars and shops all within a stroll away. One month minimum stay, please.  Be our guest! All you'll need is your toothbrush and a fresh set of clothes. You'll find everything you need in this lovely townhouse. Walk to bars, cafes, restaurants, chocolate shop, grocery stores, banks, boutiques, bookstores, library and more, just a few minutes walk away. Minimum one week stay.  Amenities include:  -Private full bathroom in a quiet townhouse -Peaceful, clean and cozy home -Comfortable full size bed with memory foam topper -Updated appliances  -Washer/Dryer -Dishwasher -Nice, modern kitchen -Radiant heat throughout -Heated bathroom floors  -Free use of condiments in kitchen -Gas range -Granite countertops -Hardwood floors  -WIFI -Easy and direct bus access to downtown and UW -1.5 miles to Greenlake -2 miles to heart of Old BaBrand spanking new smart home equipped 1br with a 1.25 shared bath with  with Amazon Prime in room. 15 minutes from downtown, nearby restaurants, bars, and more! Smart phone REQUIRED to stay here (that's your key).  Combo locks used to enter bedroom. This brand new Townhome is smart home ready. Blinds and locks are controllable from your phone and iPad. Radiant heating in the floors keep you warm while the foam bed and gel pillow keeps you cozy in bed. Don't worry about allergies, synthetic down alternative comforter was used to minimize allergens.  The 32" flatscreen with Amazon Fire Stick will keep you entertained for hours. If you need recommendations, or need help with something I can chime in. You'll have access to my cell phone in case you have any questions during your stay. My Townhome is minutes away from Greenlake as well as plenty of restaurants, bars, and shopping. I conveniently live close to the E line which will take you downtown. The E Line will take you downtown for leCompletely renovated house featuring two bedrooms and two full bathrooms, plus two couches.  Comfortable living room, updated kitchen, charming backyard and grill. Great restaurants and bars within walking distance! Easy commuting via car or bus. Beautifully restored craftsman with two bedrooms (each with a queen bed), two full bathrooms, great backyard, and beautiful, open kitchen.  Upstairs features comfortable living area, 42 inch flat screen tv (with Hulu, Netflix, and HBO Go), and couch to double as a fifth sleeping location.  We will provide sheets, towels, and the house stays cool even on the hottest days! Guests have access to the entire home. Limited interaction. The house is located between two thriving Seattle neighborhoods: Green Lake (3 blocks) and Greenwood (5 blocks). Located just two blocks from Aurora/Route 99; ten minutes to downtown Seattle. Major bus lines two blocks away. We have high-speed wifi, television with Hulu, Netflix, and HBO Go, and a grill in the backyarEnjoy the privacy of your own getaway while exploring Seattle and its unique neighborhoods. We know you will love our bright, spacious, and cheery retreat during your adventures in and around this amazing city. This urban retreat provides you with a peaceful getaway in the trendy Greenwood Neighborhood. Within one block walking distance, there are tons of stores, restaurants, and easy access to downtown Seattle.  Super high ceilings make this large basement apartment feel open and airy. French doors lead out to your private backyard entrance. A non-working fireplace with a faux 'burning log' heater can warm up your nights and the expansive green view outside will brighten your mornings. The apartment has a bedroom with an extremely comfy queen sized bed, large bathroom space with shower, full kitchen, laundry room, and living room with a full sofa bed for extra guests. The bedroom accommodates 2 people but 2 more can sleep on the sleeper sofa.  We provide coffee and tea and some other Modern, ground floor spacious guest accom. with en suite bathr. in quiet resid. Greenwd/Green Lk neihborh.,  2 blocks to dt. bus, near stores, restaurants, parks; priv. deck, queen bed, Cable, WIFI, hr dr, microwave, fridge, toaster, dishes, library. The space is quiet, light and airy and opens to a relaxing small garden and a private deck with table and chairs. In the middle of city living, you can hear the birds chirping. The room is well equipped, the bathroom furnished with daily necessities including hairdryer and curling iron, to satisfy your needs whether you are on vacation or in Seattle on business.  I am constantly looking for ways to improve  my guests' comfort. I am very involved in my community through volunteer work and I am eager to tell my guests about the many interesting sights Seattle has to offer, whether it pertains to the Arts or our incredible outdoors. I will do everything I can to assure that my guests have a memorable Seattle experience. That is how I got to bDiverse city location, conveniently 1block to bus line, nearby grocery/coffee shop. Easy access to I-5 & shopping! Furnishings throughout, detailed cleaning for your comfort.Owner on premise & available!We love letting well behaved/clean pets "stay"! The entire space is for your privacy, a dedicated parking spot for your vehicle. Leave your car and take the bus if you choose. * We hire professional staffing to clean the unit after each guest visits, every area and place the guest touches is sanitized and cleaned for the safety and cleanliness and peace of mind when you stay with us. All sheets and linens are laundered each and every time a guest leaves.  The Oaktree Suite is on the ground level perfect for your cute little doggie to roam outside the enclosed patio area. The kitchen has full appliances for your stay and have a Blender, Juicer, George Foreman Grill, salad spinner, toaster, microwave, coffee maker, rice cooker, lots of pots and pans and cooking utensils, pizza cutter, kniThis is a private bedroom in our 4 bedroom house just blocks away from the shops, restaurants and bars in Greenwood. The room is on the first floor with a private bathroom, spacious living area and private back yard. This is a private bedroom in our 4 bedroom house just blocks away from the shops, restaurants and bars in Greenwood. The room is on the first floor with a private bathroom and spacious living area. The house is occupied by myself and my wife. We spend the majority of our time in the upstairs living area so the downstairs will be basically yours to relax in. We have a nice, secluded back yard off the downstairs living area which is great to enjoy as well. We are close to the major bus lines which will take you to the bustling areas of Ballard or downtown Seattle which is a mere 10 minute drive. High speed internet, cable television, private bathroom and comfortable queen size bed. We also have two air mattresses available for extra guests.  We will be present during the staEnjoy a whole 2bed/2bath condo with full size beds, kitchen + dishwasher, laundry unit & patio. Can see the Olympics on a clear day. Kitchen equipped with basic ingredients & cookware. 10min from Ballard/Fremont/Wallingford. 15-20min from downtown. Enjoy a tidy, open, calm space in the quaint neighborhood in NW Seattle, Greenwood. You have access to the laundry unit,  2 bathrooms, kitchen + dishwasher, living room, and patio that faces the Sound with a view of the Olympics. Access to whole condo including living room, bathrooms, kitchen, fridge, patio, bedrooms. Will provide you lots of space for you to relax and enjoy independence. The intention is to feel like you are living in Seattle. Cool upcoming micro-hood with lots of young families. Lots of bus stops nearby! Also parking on 101st is available. Long term guests receive private undergroud parking space. More tips and wifi passwords are on the white side table next to the fire place. Check out is 11am. Check in is flexible.Comfortable bedroom and bath in great location close to Greenlake, Ballard, University District and Wallingford neighborhoods. Bedding, towels, shampoo and some toiletries are furnished. The kitchen and lovely backyard and deck are shared.  This is the smaller of two rooms that share a full size bathroom. I clean the bathroom everyday if both rooms are occupied. The bedroom has a comfortable queen size bed, but has an armoire instead of a closet. The room is furnished with a queen size bed, night stand, desk, bookcase and armoire. There are plenty of towels and toiletries available for your use. I have two rooms available and this is my smaller room. It is perfect for one person, but accommodates two people. It has a queen size bed. The closet is smaller than normal, so if you have lots of luggage it may be tight. Please see "Comfortable, quiet room in house" for the larger room. The kitchen is available for your use and the  dishes and cookware as well. There is storage space in the rThis bright, open and comfortable home was remodeled in 2013. Perfect for a group of friends or a  family with young children. Great access to downtown Seattle and the growing Greenwood neighborhood. Close to some of Seattle's best parks. Features a great modern kitchen that is open and connected to the dining area and living room. House has 3 bedrooms: 1 master with a queen bed, 1 with bunk bed (with twin and double), and 1 with queen. An Aerobed with padded comforter is also available. The main level ceilings are higher than normal, and the lower level ceiling, where a den, bedroom, and bathroom are located, is under 7 feet. The whole home will be yours to use. We will be able to interact at some points during your stay via telephone or email. The up and coming Greenwood neighborhood is just under a mile walk away and features fabulous pubs, cafes, and every kind of food you can imagine. We are within 3 miles of some of Seattle's best parks - Green Lake, Golden Gardens, and Carkeek PThe Sky Loft is in the heart of three fantastic Seattle neighborhoods: Greenlake, Phinney Ridge and Greenwood. You can walk to cafes, restaurants, bars, boutique shops, Greenlake Park and much more. The Sky Loft is a spacious and playful space. Originally built as an artist's studio in the mid-90s, this large one-bedroom loft houses 15' ceilings and a huge deck.  The top floor of this two unit craftsman is situated in a park-like setting. The Sky Loft has its own separate, gated access. It is located ten blocks from Greenlake and three blocks from Phinney Ridge. Close to the Woodland Park Zoo and Greenwood Library. Since the property is on a main thoroughfare, it is simple to get across town, downtown, I-5 and Aurora for easy access to the whole city and surrounding areas.  On a clear day there is a great view of Mt. Ranier from the bedroom, which has a full size bed, and a peek-a-boo view of downtown Seattle. The living area has a single size futon as well as a full-size futon for addExtremely clean & delightfully updated 2 bedroom charmer in the Greenwood neighborhood. Fully fenced large lot with sprawling yard and garden. Wonderful parks and plenty of shopping and eating within short walking distance.  Central Seattle location. Cute, cottage-style house on large lot with plenty of privacy.  Very clean house, with expansive gardens for your outdoor enjoyment.  2 bedrooms with additional pullout sofa, and sleeps up to 7 comfortably.   1 block to Greenwood avenue, which is packed full of restaurants, breweries, shopping, and fun.   Located in great location to access anywhere in Seattle.  The neighborhood is very cute, safe, and vibrant. We try to be hands-off with our guests, but we are available 24/7 should a problem arise during your stay.   We are more than happy to help plan and advise our guests when planning (or during) their stay. Getting in and out is seamless, and this home should provide guests with everything they need for a home away from home (washer/dI have a fan for the summer. And this in a safe and quiet neighborhood between Green Lake and Greenwood. A block to the bus, E line, which goes to and from downtown, and walking distance to stores and good restaurants. There is also plenty of free off street parkings. My house is in the safe, lovely, quiet, residential Green Lake/Greenwood neighborhood. Close to Highway 99 and I-5 for the commuters. There is bus line a block from my house, plenty of good restaurants and stores within walking distance Your own spacious bedroom with queen-size inner-spring coil mattress, clean sheets and pillowcases.  Lamp, dresser, and closet.  Wi-fi access.   I do have a TV in this room with a USB port. I don't subscribe to cable, but you can bring your own chromecast, Roku, alike to establish an Internet connection to watch TV No cooking but you may store food in fridge(please let me know in advance) use microwave, toaster and my utensils and plates.   Share full-size bathroom. Clean towels, soap and Warm and cozy room with private entrance, comfortable bed, radiant heat, and full bathtub. Located in north Seattle's Greenwood neighborhood with easy access to Ballard, Fremont, Phinney Ridge, Interbay, the University of Washington, and Downtown. Separate entrance through jasmine covered garden archway, warm and cozy bed and bath, ideal for 1 or a couple. Located in a free-standing townhouse in convenient Greenwood neighborhood of Seattle (NW Seattle area). • Perfect for easy access to NW Seattle area, near Greenwood, Phinney Ridge, Ballard, Fremont, University of Washington, Downtown. • Clean and cozy space with a very comfortable double bed, reading light, small desk, WIFI, bathtub/shower, and large closet. Sliding doors open to lovely garden (garden is shared space) with your own private patio. There is a tea kettle and a mini-fridge. • The house is warm, floors have radiant heat. Screened door and 2 screened windows for ventilation. Nearby: PARKS & BEACHES •Carkeek park is within Peaceful and minimalist apartment right in the heart of the lovely Phinney Ridge neighborhood. Coffee shops, grocery stores, library and restaurants are all within a few blocks  from the apartment. Bus stop is right at your door! The whole apartment is 950 square feet. The spacious bedroom is carpeted and has a queen bed, a night table, a bookcase and a closet. There is also a small office but that will not be available and will be locked. The living, dining, and kitchen, all have hardwood flooring. The bathroom is a full bath with a bathtub. The furniture in the dining room and the living room is custom made.  The kitchen is equipped with basic kitchen gadgets. There is high speed wireless internet; there is no cable TV, only “rabbit ears". There is a small flat screen mounted to the wall in the living room which has a Blu Ray / DVD connected to it.  There is a coin-op washer and dryer at your door in the building. Entrance to this building requires a key. From December to mid JanuaryOur freshly updated basement apartment will be a great base for Seattle and neighborhood adventures. It is nestled between the most popular park in Seattle (Green Lake is 5 blocks east) and many eateries, coffee houses and shops (1 block west). The perfect cozy spot for adventures all over this great city. The entire unit is self contained. It has been recently painted (for the most part) with light colors and main living areas have new honey maple colored flooring. It has a warm feeling about it. You have a separate entrance, your own washer/dryer (not shared), kitchen, etc. It is totally separate from our part of the home. The entire apartment will be your own private space, and we can communicate via text and/or cell while you are here to protect your privacy. Our family consists of my spouse (friends refer to her as my "better half") and I and our teenage son, 1 dog and 1 cat. We live full time upstairs, but will be conscious of how heavy our feet are! I will be very accessible forOur hip and updated Towhnouse in the Greenwood neighborhood of Seattle boasts territorial views, is walkable, and on main bus lines to all of Seattle's major attractions, downtown, and UW. Family Friendly! The townhouse has been thoughtfully updated to provide a comfortable retreat to relax or work from "home". While close to everything, once inside you'll forget you are in the city. The two bedrooms on the third floor share a Jack and Jill style bathroom with privacy door to shower/toilet. The master offers territorial views, a walk in closet, and plenty of natural light. The front load W/D are located conveniently on the upper level next to the bedrooms. A large and stocked kitchen opens into the living area for easy entertaining and visiting while cooking up a meal.  Need to get some work done? The office on the lower level provides a peaceful retreat to work on your next masterpiece, or use the pull out full sized bed in the couch for extra sleeping quarters. Sleep space for 8: QuePrivate room, with queen-size bed and desk in sunny, clean condo in North Greenwood. Shared bath. Great location, easy transit access to Downtown, Ballard, and Fremont. Next to Carkeek Park for great hikes to the beach. Walk to 10 restaurants This our guest bedroom, with a queen size bed and comfortable mattress. There is a desk suitable for working on a laptop, drawers for storage of clothes, and a closet. Access to kitchen, dining room, laundry room, living room, and sunny deck with patio chairs. Make yourself at home. We are friendly conversationalists but we will also respect your privacy and ask for the same in return. We will be home to help you with anything you may need or make recommendations. This a unique area.  If you're looking for real Seattle, this little crossroads is it.  There's a number of informal, affordable, authentic, and delicious restaurants, including Vietnamese, Filipino, American, Chinese, Central American, and Mexican.  Don't miss a lovely hike down to the Greenwood is a Northern neighborhood, and still one of the best in Seattle!  Enjoy a private Bedroom and Bathroom on the first floor of  cozy three bedroom apartment with three floors.  Blocks from dining, shopping and major bus lines. The room is on the first floor of a three floor apartment.  Walk in the front door from easy parking and expect to see a clean room and bathroom in front of you!  Second floor is a communal Kitchen and living area.  My room is on the 3rd floor. Arrangements can be made to use the wash facilities for longer stays, please ask first.  Parking spot for 1 car, otherwise street parking. A key is provided, and an available parking spot. Just me who lives here, I'm always available by phone or E-mail. Please feel encouraged to use the kitchen and living area as you like. I use it also, and enjoy to cook a meal every once in a while!  There is a tip jar for any coffee or beer use (Good coffee on hand, and I'm a home brewer. There is usually beer available!) RightCozy and private, but steps away from Greenwood restaurants, bars, coffee, parks, grocery, and a spa. It's just a 20-minute drive/30-min bus ride to Downtown. Two comfy queen beds, board games, a projector, big yard with BBQ, tucked among the trees. The house is a two-bedroom one-bathroom 1920 Craftsman with built-in woodwork and hard wood floors. The livingroom has new furniture for gathering or watching Netflix on the projector. Large dining table for formal meals or a night of gaming. And the kitchen has a 4-seat bar and overlooks a huge back yard.  Here are a few perks: fully-equipped kitchen with gas range and oven upright piano a cabinet full of board games Super Nintendo and Nintendo 64 (for the old school nerds out there!) a projector, which can be used with your computer to watch DVDs or stream gas BBQ two comfy queen beds forced air gas heating the large yard is currently under construction, but the trees still look lovely. :)  Please feel free to ask about anything you mightSeparate entrance to your own space to the right of the garage.  Nice tiled patio for drinking your morning coffee or tea. The space is all tiled throughout and inspired by Gaudi. There is a pellet stove and electric heat. Shower and toilet. All terracotta tiles throughout, kitchen, laundry and shower. Very spacious and artistic. Close to Greenlake, Greenwood and Northgate. There is a king size bed in one room and a single rocking bed in other room. There is also a chaise lounge and chair and pellet stove and electric heat.  The bathroom and kitchen may be shared if there is a guest staying in another unit, but there is a door separating them. In the northwest we are mindful of the environment and like to make sure lights are turned off and heat turned off when guests are not there. There is no tv but free wifi available. There is a young excited springer spaniel that lives in the house. Yard, patio, secret garden I live in a unit on the property Quiet, spacious country feel yet close Welcome to our home! Well sort of...you will have your own private space and entrance. The apartment is a private daylight basement mother-in-law in our own home.  We love having our own guests so we though it was time to start spreading the love :) We have basic amenities which in Seattle include some local beer and hard cider of course! We live in our favorite neighborhood in Seattle with good restaurants and breweries, and it's easy access to all of Seattle! Our sweet mother-in-law has it's own entrance, so you can come and go freely. The space has a large bedroom with closet system, bathroom with a shower and shower necessities, washer and dryer, and a private kitchen.  The kitchen has a range and oven, microwave, toaster oven, blender, and coffee maker (If there are any other appliances or kitchen items please ask and we would be happy to supply it from our own kitchen). We also have two BBQ in the yard which you are free to use upon request as well as an outdoor table, chairs, anColorful, cozy, clean - unique home, prime location. 3 blocks from Greenwood Ave  home of 7 coffee shops, over 30 restaurants and bars. 3/4 mile to Green Lake, 2 miles to Ballard and Fremont, 2miles to the beach,   1/2 Block to 28 bus to  Downtown. This beautiful house has 3 floors and 4 levels. The main guest bedroom is upstairs on its own private floor, it has a queen sized very comfortable  bed and it is complete with a full bathroom and plenty of light. It's very private and quiet. There is always on-street parking available on the street in front the house. My room (the host's) is  on the 2nd level to guarantee privacy to all guests. The whole main level has been renovated into a living kitchen. There is a vegetable garden in the front yard, and a chicken "palace" in the back. The home also doubles occasionally as a cooking school, as I am a chef and James Beard Award Winner. OCA (Original Culinary Adventures) is ideal for private events or even your own personal classes. As an adGreat location, situated in thr Greenwood area of Seattle.  Resturants and bars in walking distance, or take the bus downtown!Cozy, updated apt one block off Greenwood Ave. Two bedroom. One queen bed, two kids' bunk beds (4 total beds), plus a couch that folds down. Full kitchen, washer, drier. Carport, walking distance to two parks, major bus lines, hwy 99. Pet friendly. Our home is kid friendly, art friendly, queer friendly. We clean well before guests but let's face it-- we live here most of the time! The laughter rests in the space,  easily welcoming guests to rest and laugh and play while here. Guests will be free to come and go as they choose. We will be available by cell or email to help with any problems. Greenwood features many well loved bars, pubs and restaurants, as well as cute, independent shops-- Vintage, books, home, toy, the works! Art studios and breweries, and plenty of coffee! Bus 5 stops within a block of the Apt and is a straight shot to downtown. Easy access from the D Line as well, just 5 blocks away on HWY 99. Zipcar parking visible from our building. Our nightly price includes cleaniComfy bungalow 3 blocks from transit, restaurants, bars, coffee & karaoke! Half block from grocery store and park. Huge back yard, lounge-worthy living room & all the modern creature comforts. Other room in house: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/4360604 Queen bed in a super comfy bungalow house set on a beautiful piece of land in the heart of the city. This is my urban homestead. No chickens, but 7 garden beds and four composters. I aspire to share garden grown produce with my guests during key harvest periods! Plus a brand new gas grill for summer BBQs (I have a charcoal one too!) and a fire pit with chiminea - perfect for making s'mores on a cool evening!  All the modern comforts you need. Cook here, hang here, just treat it like your home away from home. Bonus: Super cute, well socialized cats Mako and Kelly Belly. "I'm not a cat person, but I like your cats." --previous guest (*Note: early guests met Mako's sister Mari, who we have since lost; but recent guests sure liked recent additExplore Seattle by day and relax by night in our newly renovated Greenwood  home. We live in a fun urban neighborhood full of quirky old houses, coffee shops, and various local eateries. Perfect for a couple or a small family. We offer 1 bedroom with a queen-size bed, and a couch that converts to a full-size mattress. Some other notable features: - Flat screen T.V. with Netflix and Hulu Plus - Theater surround sound - Dual shower heads in the bathroom (this means your significant other never has to stand in the cold!) - Deep soaking tub - Fully-equipped kitchen with gas stove - Washer and dryer in-house - Coffee maker and tea kettle - Plentiful street parking - Close to all the things (really!) - Comes with food and sight-seeing recommendations from my girlfriend, a Seattle native. You will have access to the entire house during your stay. Our property includes a large, fully-fenced backyard and small back deck. The house has 2 bedrooms, however one bedroom is currently unfurnished. WeNewly remodeled apt. in the heart of Seattle's Greenwood comfortably sleeps 5. Modern, bright, clean, comfy w/  new appliances. A curated art and wifi big screen entertainment system eases your downtime. Huge yard space,  & plenty of street parking. Our newly renovated 2 bedroom apartment features  comfortably stylish furniture and design, contemporary art and photography by our friends.  With 2 bedrooms featuring a queen and full beds, our sofa bed also  folds down into a comfy full bed.  Our large yard and everything in the apartment.  We're here for you as much as you need us.  Conveniently located in the northern part of Seattle, Greenwood is a great sleepy find for urban explorers. A mostly quiet residential neighborhood, there is a  neighborhood hub at 85th & Greenwood, a few blocks walking distance from our apartment. This great mini village provides wonderful restaurants, the requisite lay hip Seattle cafes, and great beer and cocktail bars.  Greenlake Park, the Puget Sound (GoFantastic neighborhood in Seattle! Close to great restaurants, parks and the zoo. Very close to public transportation - easy to get around. Cute house with Chef's kitchen, family friendly toys, safe area and fenced yard. Third bedroom has two cribs. Cute and cozy place in a wonderful and fun neighborhood. You are welcome to the whole house except the garage. There is a fenced backyard with deck. With yoga studios, day spas, hair salons, dental offices, even a DIY dog-washing joint, the overlapping, family-focused 'hoods of Phinney Ridge and Greenwood—or PhinneyWood—have the essentials and the extras covered.  The 'hood offers a rich run of bars, coffeehouses and restaurants. There is off-street parking and spots available in the driveway. We are very close to the Metro 28 line (~200 feet) that goes through Fremont on the way to downtown Seattle. Please note, we have a cat that lives on the premises and will be there throughout the stay.  We also have a dog that will not be there. You aEnjoy all Seattle has to offer in our private family-friendly bungalow in the Greenwood neighborhood. Walking distance to many restaurants and shops. Less than 3 blocks to downtown bus line. Partial mountain view and private parking! Close to the zoo and beautiful Green Lake! This space is a charming bungalow in our backyard. You will have all of the amenities of an entire house cleverly fit into a small cottage. There is a 4 burner stove, fridge and freezer, kitchen sink and cabinets equipped with cookware, dinnerware, utensils and and small appliances. We provide coffee and bathroom products like soap and shampoo. Extra bedding for the futon if you need it is located in the living room cabinet. Lots of baby gear available upon request, pack and play, high chair, etc. just ask, I likely have what you need for traveling with kids! You have private parking and access as well as use of the outdoor space in front of the cottage. I am available via email if you need anything. I check my emIn the Pacific Northwest's Emerald City, treat yourselves to the peacefulness of a well-situated vacation or action hub. Enjoy public or private transportation to Seattle's vibrant downtown: Pike Place Market, Seattle Center, Space Needle, Great Wheel, Waterfront, Aquarium, shopping, museums, theaters and nightlife - only 30 minutes away by multiple inexpensive bus routes. 3 blocks from hiking trail leading through urban rainforest to beautiful Puget Sound vistas, beach, and sunsets.  Perfectly poised for private travel to major industries: Boeing facility - 45 minutes, Microsoft campuses - 40 minutes. Take a dazzling ride on the nearby Washington State Ferries for mountain and island exploration. Easy and fast access to mountains east and west and Olympic Peninsula Rain Forest & Mount Rainier National Park: less than 2 hours from Canadian border, less than 3 hours by car (or take the magnificent train ride!) to sister-city Portland, OR. Discover wild Alaska or Columbia River salmon (m Enjoy the experience of this luxurious spa retreat just minutes from downtown Seattle, a beautiful waterfront park, and walking distance to great restaurants and bars.  New, comfortable, filled with high end finishes and luxury amenities: (URL HIDDEN) full kitchen stocked with all you will need including Spode china and Riedel glassware. Dining area for four.(URL HIDDEN) full bath with extra deep tu(URL HIDDEN) living area with full grain leather sofas(URL HIDDEN) one bedroom/loft with king size foam memory mattress and choice of pillow typ(URL HIDDEN) queen size American Leather pullout sofa (one of the most comfortable made(URL HIDDEN) Additional loft with full size futo(URL HIDDEN) home theater; including Netflix, Hulu Plus, Amazon Prime and Pandora, phone hookup. - Nespresso coffee machine with selection of some amazing coffees and espresso(URL HIDDEN) fine linens, towels, and plush robe(URL HIDDEN) blackboard listing local happenings, hang-outs and hikes Off street parking is avaOur house is very nice and quaint. 750sq feet top floor of duplex. Great for a small family or inlaws for Christmas. Master bedroom, attic queen bed loft, toddler room and bed and also fun attic playroom. Bus stops nearby and 15 minutes to downtown  Greenwood  Bus stops nearby and 15 minutes to downtown The top unit of the home. Master bedroom with King size bed and baby room with crib and kids couch bed. Upstairs loft with queen bed and children's play room. One bathroom. Communication by phone or email as needed. Greenwood Bus stops nearby and 15 minutes to downtownExcellent 3 bedroom/1 bath home available with washer/dryer, enclosed parking and fully fenced yard. Walk to everything Greenwood and Phinney Ridge has to offer! Direct buses to UW, downtown and SeaTac airport. Nice furnished 3 bedroom house in Greenwood offers free, secure parking. It is located on a quiet street five minutes from Green Lake, Phinney Ridge and Ballard, ten minutes from U district and and walking distance to Greenwood's best cafes, restaurants, bars and boutiques.  This is the second unit in a large house (owners live on the first floor) with totally independent entrances for people and cars. One bedroom is very large with a queen bed. The second bedroom has a double bed, and the third a single bed with the option of a cot. All the rooms and living room are well illuminated and the living room has a wood burning fireplace. The backyard is fully fenced, and free laundry facilities are in the basement. Cable (dish) TV and WIFI. Well behaved pets are negotiable. The houseI'm so happy to share the joys of my home and my neighborhood! Simple public transit and walking distance to dozens of restaurants, shops and entertainment venues. A quiet 2BR/1BA with lovely living spaces and a large chef-friendly kitchen. I love relaxing in my colorful and cheerful space. My home was built in 1941 and I've tried to maintain as much of the original aesthetic and all of the original charm, while updating, improving and personalizing my space.  There are two small bedrooms (one with a queen-sized bed and the other with a twin bed). The living room has some rearrangeable furniture for seating, snacking and movie watching on my 42" flat screen (Netflix and DVD player included). Free Wifi! Each room has it's own electric heat unit, the bathroom gets warm especially quickly and the hot water and pressure are lovely.  The kitchen is fully equipped for cooking (pots, pans, dishes, implements) and includes a small dining table that can expand to provide seating for 4. There isOur charming home in N. Seattle (Greenwood) is a great experience in local neighborhood living.  With only a 5 min walk to a great park, local shopping corridor, grocery stores, pubs, and coffee shops, you will feel right at home here.  With major bus lines to downtown Seattle, the U District and Golden Gardens only blocks away, you can park your car and forget about it. Additionally, our home's warm decor and family-friendly living space will provide a peaceful place to hang your hat. Naked City Brewery Greenwood Park Chocolati's Mr. Gyros Taproot Theatre Pete's Egg Nest GreenBean Coffeehouse Flying Bicycle Brewery (Co-op) E Line to Downtown Seattle 48 to U District or Golden GardensBeautiful Seattle home 10 minutes north of downtown Seattle and just a few blocks from Green Lake and the Woodland Park Zoo. Great neighborhood with restaurants, bars, shopping, coffee and groceries all within 3 blocks.  Our home has three actual bedrooms, plus HUGE family room with flat screen TV and wrap around couch, a gym upstairs and an office. It includes a chefs kitchen with top of the line stove and oven. Very well kept, clean and updated.  The whole house is yours...with the exception of a couple closets. We will not be present, but will set you up with everything you need - keys, alarm codes, etc.  A few short blocks to Green Lake and to Phinneywood. Lots of grocery stores, bars, restaurants in walking distance. Woodland Park Zoo is also nearby. Downtown Seattle is a 10 minute drive south.  One block away is the 358 bus to downtown Seattle.  Backyard with table for 6 and BBQ. Backyard will likely still be winterized unless the weather is good.Our backyard studio is ready to welcome guests to the North Seattle neighborhood of Greenwood. We are just 6 miles from downtown and offer a quiet street, fun dining/shopping nearby and easy access to many of Seattle's great gems. We have a cute private studio (with bathroom) in our backyard ready to invite guests!  Located in North Seattle this area has everything nearby. The studio has a great house manual + guide book to look through, TV, coffee, plentiful street parking and many nearby activities.  The Studio is 200 square feet of living space, best for two people traveling together (small children ok as well). The space was remodeled in 2011, where possible we used recycled building materials to practice "green" stewardship. The bed is a pillow top mattress that is *full size* (not queen size), it is very comfortable! Street parking is available and plentiful (we ask guests to park in front of our house). We personally maintain our large garden which used to be maintained by an arLarge space with two bedrooms, a full bath with shower/jacuzzi tub, and a main room with a sectional couch, cable TV and laundry facilities. Private entrance from the backyard. Close to anything you might need. Quiet and comfy. Peaceful place. We are a married couple--meditators, vegetarian, earth-friendly. We have a sweet black lab named Maria who may join you in the backyard garden or greenhouse if you take your coffee out there. The basement space is roomy but cozy; there is a lot of room to spread out and relax. The ceiling is a little low, so if you are over 6 feet tall, you will have to duck under the beams. You will have the entire space to yourselves--about 800 square feet. And there's a jacuzzi tub! Entire basement, backyard and greenhouse. It's fine to use the full kitchen upstairs as long as not cooking meat.  We want to make sure you are comfortable, and answer any questions about the neighborhood, the city or the region. Don't be shy! We are right in the middle where the GThis is a cottage-like four bedroom, three bathroom house in the Greenwood area of Seattle.  There's lots of great shops, restaurants, coffee spots, and theaters on 85th Street. The Space This is a cottage-like four bedroom, three bathroom house in the Greenwood area of Seattle.  The Neighborhood Greenwood is a family-friendlly neighborhood, known for being both an affordable and busy section of Seattle. There's lots of great shops, restaurants, coffee spots, and theaters on 85th Street. The iconic Seattle Space Needle and the rest of downtown Seattle is just 6 miles south.  Getting Around  Plenty of bus lines are within walking distance on the nearby Greenwood Avenue and 85th Street. The house is also just off Washington-99, which can take you anywhere downtown.  Other Things to Note Come check out the family-friendly neighborhood of Greenwood!  Please remember that you will be staying in a home, not a hotel. Therefore, we ask that you treat our space with the same respect you would sComfy Bedroom with your own bathroom.  Queen bed & hardwoods with exterior door and an area for eating or laptop work.  South facing windows offer morning light.  Great location near #5 bus route (20 mins downtown ) and fun neighborhood attractions. You will have the back area of the house for yourself on the main level.  It is just off the kitchen so we will cross paths only when we are in the kitchen area.  Otherwise it is very private. There is another room available if you need more space.  Twin Bed and Desk area.  See my other listing.  Cozy room for 1 Greenwood.  I don't rent both out to different guests, rather offer it as an extension to the primary guest. Kitchen access is upon negotiation.  However I have provided an area for basic conveniences within your suite area. Back deck is available for your use shared with me.  The gas BBQ is available for cooking as well. I will do my best to be here for your arrival, however you can enter on your own via code key doorway.  If you nWelcome to Seattle!  A lovely room with a queen-sized memory foam bed awaits you. If you are new to the area, this stop is an easy commute to all points.  Looking for a new home? I can help you with that! I am a local RE agent with good resources.Great studio in the heart of the Phinney Ridge neigborhood.  Only one block from Greenwood Ave.  Easy walking distance to at least 7 coffee shops and dozens of restaurants. 4 Blocks to Ken's Market - a small family run grocery that has great foods, a deli, a coffee shop. Several nearby pubs include: 74th St Alehouse and Prost, Naked City Tap House  There are many good food options nearby. Yanni's Greek Restaurant is 1 block away and is authentic! Also on Greenwood Ave are: 74th St Ale House-great pub food-limited menu but everything is great. There are 2 pizza places-1 is wood oven, the other is more traditional. The Stumbling Goat Bistro is very highly rated. New additions to the neighborhood include The Lodge sports bar, Chaco Canyon Organic, and Coyle's Bakeshop , the list is unlimited.   Studio has: Beautiful cherry hardwood flooring, cherry sleigh bed with  Queen Sealy mattress, wireless internet, HDTV, Private 4 piece bath, Private entry on ground floor, mini fridge and freezer, Beautiful 2014 mother-in-law suite is located 5 minutes walk from Carkeek Park (along the Puget Sound), and 20 minutes drive from downtown Seattle on 3 major bus lines. New appliances, free street parking, wifi, kid friendly, & more! We live above the suite and can be of assistance when needed. Our family is very social and would enjoy sharing conversation with you. We are also happy to hand you the keys and give you space to rest and relax. All of us are travelers and enjoy helping others explore the Seattle area. My house is walking (or running) distance to Greenlake . Located in the Greenwood area with lots of coffee shops, restaurants and shops near by. The bus to downtown (#5) is a 20 minute ride and is only one block away. There is usually ample on-street parking. This is the larger room of 2 rooms with a full size shared bathroom. The bathroom is cleaned every day when both rooms are occupied. A light breakfast of coffee, tea, juices, bagels, yogurt and fruit is provided. This is a great space for two people with a good size closet and room to store your gear. I also have a smaller room "Room in Cute Craftsman Style House" which is perfect for one, but sleeps two.  The house is conveniently located close to Ballard, U District, Wallingford, Greenlake and the bus line.  Your space has a TV and a desk to catch up on emails or work. You will have use of the kitchen and dedicated space in the refrigerator and cupboards to store food. The deck, bbq and backyard is also available for your enjoym3rd floor guest bedroom & private bath in great house in the heart of the Phinney Ridge neighborhood. Only one block from Greenwood Ave. Easy walking distance to at least 7 coffee shops and dozens of restaurants. 4 Blocks to Ken's Market - a small family run grocery that has great foods, a deli, a coffee shop. Several nearby pubs include: 74th St Alehouse and Prost. This is a newly remodeled, (never been rented) furnished room available on the 3rd floor. It has its own bathroom with a large walk-in shower that is also a steam room, it also has a walk-in closet, new flooring, bench seat, a new bed with new Sealy Posturepedic mattress. This a shared space sharing the common spaces-kitchen, laundry, dining, etc with me - I am the homeowner. Nearby attractions include: Woodland Park Zoo, Ballard Locks and Fish Ladder, Golden Gardens Park, and Green Lake. Nearby neighborhoods include Ballard, Freemont, Wallingford & Green Lake 1 Block walk to the #5 bus to downtown(20 minutes)- convention cPrivate, beautiful 3-floors town home located by Greenlake. Bedroom has private access to a well kept yard. You will have the only room on the first floor with an ensuite bathroom, a very private space by the entrance. Shared kitchen with dining area This room is perfect for someone looking for a place to sleep. It comes with a single bed and the bathroom is stocked. There is a lot of space outside of the room, the second floor has a shared area for everyone in the house and we offer additional storage space. Guests will have access to a kitchen and dining area. Ensuite bathroom included. Washer and dryer are available. There is also a yard right outside of the room. Locked storage is available for free. Free WIFI is also included. All other amenities (i.e. living room and tv) are not accessible to guests. Plenty of free street parking one block away on N 84th and Linden Ave. At night, parking space is harder to find. I am typically out till evening during the week. If you have any queWelcome to your own room in my quaint 40's home, furnished with vintage and found objects by a 3rd generation Seattleite. Easily accessed by bus or car, in a neighborhood of mostly single family homes. The household is quiet yet friendly. Having never been remodeled, the house still has it's original charm. It is decorated and furnished with found and vintage items collected from my family and estate sales The house is located in the Whittier Heights neighborhood in Ballard, situated between three other great neighbourhoods: down-town Ballard, Phinney Ridge and Greenwood. It is also not far from Fremont.  Greenlake is a mile away. If you are a runner, walker or rollerblader, you'll probably want to check it out! The Woodland Park Zoo is also close by.  There is non-restricted street parking directly out front. Car-2-Go, Zipcar, Uber and Lyft are popular options in Seattle. There are stairs from the street to the door. There is no wifi or tv in the house. You will have access to the shaQueen size bed in our 1st floor guest room w/ full bathroom and access to the garden. It is part of a three-level townhouse in a safe and quiet neighborhood at Greenwood. Close to Green Lake & Carkeek Park. Free street parking. Newly decorated guest room, with garden views. Furnished with queen size bed, comfy mattress, night stands, desk, rocking chair,  and two closets. Coffee/tea, wifi available. We recently added microwave and mini fridge for your convenience. There are plenty of towels and toiletries available. Located in a free-standing townhouse in the quite and convenient Greenwood neighborhood (NW Seattle). The private room has its own bathroom,  locates on the 1st floor in the townhouse, and has access to our private garden.  Kitchen on the second floor is available upon request.  Off street parking available. We are hands-off hosts and would like to provide a private experience for our guests, but we are always here to help should a problem arise during your stay. We are morThe newly renovated main floor of this two-unit, 1911 craftsman is in the center of a popular trifecta of charming Seattle neighborhoods- Phinney Ridge, Greenwood and Greenlake- it is a sweet spot to call home for awhile. The main floor of this two unit craftsman is situated in a park-like setting. There is a fully-fenced, large backyard and a gated entryway, creating a serene sense of privacy as it is set back from a main thoroughfare. It is located six blocks from Greenlake and three blocks from Phinney Ridge and Greenwood. Close to the Woodland Park Zoo and Greenwood Library. Near I-5 and Aurora for easy access to the whole city and surrounding areas. Fully gated. Kids will love it. Full kitchen with amenities. Tastefully artistic. Not to mention the backyard oasis full of grass, river stones, Japanese Maples and fruit trees. There is a large, bright den with a workspace and also a small laptop desk in the living room. Wireless internet included.  There is one bedroom with a "real"     Great for families, couples and singles! Extremely clean and very spacious! Close to shopping, bars, restaurants and grocery stores. Easy access! NOTE* the second bedroom is for guests of more than 2.     In the Pacific Northwest's Emerald City, treat yourselves to the peacefulness of a well-situated vacation hub. Enjoy public or private transportation to Seattle's vibrant downtown: Pike Place Market, Seattle Center, Space Needle, shopping, museums, theaters and nightlife - just minutes away!  Perfectly poised for private travel to major industries: Boeing - 45 minutes, Microsoft campuses - 40 minutes. Take nearby Washington State Ferries to mountain and island exploration. Easy and fast access to mountains east and west and Olympic Peninsula Rain Forest & Mount Rainier National Park: less than 2 hours from Canadian border, less than 3 hours by car (or take the magnificent train ride!) to sister-city Portland, OR. Feast on wild Alaska or Columbia River salmon (multiple seasons duriAll wood interior, chandeliers, big kitchen, living room with fireplace, quiet neighborhood, easy busline or plenty of parking. Two private bedrooms with one bath on second floor. Day bed on main floor comfortable for a guest, and extra mattress. Lovely craftsman home with all hardwoods, large kitchen and friendly Springer Spaniel. Close to Greenlake, buslines, Greenwood, Phinney RIdge and Northgate. Two bedrooms upstairs, daybed on main floor with an extra mattress. Express bus to downtown 2 blocks away. Greenlake close by, minutes to downtownMy place is cute a cozy. It's got great access to the bus lines, so it's easy to get around without a car. I love it and you will too!Come enjoy a private room with a wonderful back yard on top of Beacon Hill neighborhood.  We have a cozy private room available and are close to public transportation, parks, and some of Seattle's most creative neighborhoods.  You have a full access to my kitchen,  laundry,  and I have the left side of the driveway to park your car.  Complimentary Keurig coffee, tea, bottled water, OJ, AJ, apples, bananas, bagels or croissants are always available.   Check out my guidebook for places to eat,etc. We have a great private room nestled between some of Seattle's most diverse and creative neighborhoods. With a well maintained yard that is open for BBQ's or just to relax  There is a veranda for whatever you like and is a great spot for morning coffee, outdoor meals or tea at sunset. There is also a fire pit and firewood available to guests. Our yard is also considerable in size, with several gardening projects, fruit trees. There is the Chief Sealth interurban biking trail on its west side. WWe have a nicely decorated cozy room in our 3 bedroom 2 1/2 bath home. We  are a gay couple who love to share our home with others and meet new people. You would get your own bedroom with a queen bed and your own bathroom just off the bedroom.clean and comfy bedroom&bathroom,located in townhouse just one block to safeway market,clinic, and resturants,3 minutes walk to the light rail station and bus station,it takes 15 minutes from sea-tac airport to our place and 20 minutes to downtown. Big,quiet and clean room in lovely townhouse,room has a desk and lots of light.There are fresh towels and linens for you, and there's a wall heater in the room for temperature control. Located in townhouse and features a wide array of  safeway market,clinic,UPS,park and resturants.beaty views and quiet enviorment. clean and comfy bedroom&bathroom,located in townhouse just one block to safeway market,clinic,dental clinic and resturants,3 minutes walk to the light rail station and bus station,it takes 15 minutes from sea-tac airport to our place and 20 minutes to downtown. The guest can use the whole building,including the living room and kitchen,we will meet the guest when you come,and supply something what you need.Accommodations: House, 3 Bedrooms + Convertible bed(s), 2 Baths (Sleeps 6-8) Seattle home is your home away from home. The best price in town. 3 beautiful bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a nice floor plan. Hardwood floor. Master bedroom has a 5 pierce with/sauna and two closets, living room with wood fireplace, bright dining room, kitchen and family room. A big deck, great for summer barbecues! Good location, Great for commute, 10 minute to Seatac, South Center, Tukwila, Renton, Burien, Lake Washington and downtown Seattle. Easy in out Hwy I-5, 99, I-90 and I-405 Nearby are: walk to bus stop, light rail station (1 miles transportation from/to Seatac airport) Safeway, Wal-Mart, restaurants, Banks, museum of fly (3 miles), Safeco field (5 miles), Qwest field or Seahawk stadium (5 miles), Washington trade center (6 miles), Seattle center and space Needle ( 7 miles), Pike market place (6 miles), Husky stadium (9 miles), and only 9 miles from Seatac airport, 8 miles to Alki beach and 2 miles to lakeModern studio apartment, gym, hot tub, rooftop deck with grills.  1 minute walk to lightrail 20 min to downtown 10 min from airport. Includes parking. This is a smallish studio (410 sq) but I have a queen size bed and a comfy couch.  Depending on who you are traveling with it could accommodate 2-3 (URL HIDDEN) on the floor if you wanted to get really crazy.  I'm a on fairly busy street so if it's warm out and you want to have the sliding glass door open, it can get a little noisy with street noise and the occasional siren.  There is a full kitchen with microwave and washer dryer in the apt and a stand up shower.  The building is only about 4 years old so everything is pretty new and clean. Full kitchen, hot tub, free parking space, rooftop deck, grills, cable TV, Apple TV, wifi I am never home. Very diverse area so it can get a little loud at night.  There is a Safeway and Bank of American right across the street and a yummy Mexican restaurant in the bottom part of my building. Steps fRent a super luxury Mercedes RV in Seattle for a northern experience or a One Way Rental from Seattle to Los AngelesThree level 2,740 square foot home has amazing panoramic views of the Olympic Mountains and is only steps away from the beach. The entire western exposure is all glass, with views from every room. Custom built with granite, tile, and beautiful baths. Brace Point is amazingly unique and beautiful. This home has a real WOW factor as soon as you walk in the double doors, which opens to the 2 story ceiling. Mostly, you are constantly looking at the views from every room. Great light and openness. Full access to all of this home and the large and natural property. Woods  in back and Palms in front a true hillside retreat. Fully available interaction. The peace and privacy with down to earth and friendly neighbors. Great mix of all ages, with many living here for generations. The city bus is super easy to get you downtown it's about a 10 minute walk. If you want to visit Vashon Island ferry it's also about a 10 minute walk.  The SeaTac airport is located about 20 minutes awayThis 5 Bedroom, 4 Full Baths, house is centrally located to everything!!  Ten minutes from the heart of Seattle!  Walk to waterfront, restaurants, or just stay in and enjoy the views and incredible amenities this house has to offer!Fully furnished, 1/2 acre lot with a large lawn and panoramic view of Puget Sound and Olympic mountains.100-ft Cedar & Fir trees, lots of peace and quiet.10 min. walk to Lincoln Park, restaurants. 20 min. drive to downtown, airport, Alki Beach. Located at the end of a dead end street with amazing views of the Puget Sound and the Olympic Mountains, this house is a perfect location for a romantic weekend or a family getaway. Guests will have the entire half acre of land to roam about, and full access to the house and all amenities that come with it! We live right next door and are very sociable, but we don't plan on having any routine interactions with the guests, unless otherwise requested. Our location does make it easier to promptly respond to any concerns or requests for a recommendation a guest may have. Peaceful and family-friendly neighborhood of Fauntleroy, a short walk to 2 very good restaurants and a neighborhood bakery. An easy 1/2 mile walk to Lincoln Park, a West Seattle gemEARLY DECEMBER SPECIAL - JUST $129/NIGHT MON - THURS & Save $40/night weekend! Private and Quiet Air Conditioned Getaway Retreat with Breathtaking Views of Puget Sound & Islands, Fauntleroy Ferry, and Olympic Mountains on a quiet dead end street. Private, Quiet Air Conditioned Getaway Retreat with Breathtaking Views of Puget Sound & Islands, Fauntleroy Ferry, and Olympic Mountains on dead end street. Whether you're in Greater Puget Sound and Seattle area for vacation, holiday, or business, or have neighborhood "overflow" family, indulge yourself with a stay at this home. Fully Furnished, Secluded, Quiet, Well Equipped, and One Private Master Bedroom and One Double-sized murphy bed in Second Living Room, 2 Full Bathrooms, all on a single level. Super easy renting:  We will text or email you the front door access code - no keys required!   NOTE Requirements: - Sorry, but Pets are not allowed. - Smoke Free House and Environment - Quiet, Tranquil and Peaceful Neighborhood (strictly no part.      My home has a fabulous Puget Sound view and is within walking distance of the outstanding, waterfront, Lincoln Park and the Fauntleroy Ferry (10 min. walk or 2 min drive), as well as several wonderful restaurants and a bakery. By car, downtown Seattle is 15 minutes and by C bus 25 minutes direct. The bus stop is 1-½ blocks from my house and runs every 15 minutes. The airport is just 20 minutes away. There is a bus that runs from the airport to Westwood Village - 5 minutes from my house and I can pick you up there if you don't have a car.       Your roomy ground level suite has it's own private entrance. The L shaped suite includes a private bathroom with extra large shower, bed part of the L has  2 twin beds ( they can be pushed together), closet space and dresser, sitting room part of the L has comfy leather stuffed chair, table/desk, open storage unit and a microwave, toaster, coffee maker with included coffee and tea, French Press, auto hot water pot, blender, and small refriBeautiful view suite with private entrance. Located in quiet, safe neighborhood south of Fauntleroy Ferry. Within walking distance to restaurants, bakery, beauty salon, masseuse, beach and Lincoln Park. Private entry to this beautiful guest suite in a quiet West Seattle neighborhood.  Enjoy commanding views of the Puget Sound and Olympic Mountain's from your suite and patio overlooking the yard. 800 square feet of room to spread out.  A fully furnished, spacious living area includes a cozy gas fireplace, HD TV, cable, DVD player and DVD collection.  A dining space includes a mini fridge, microwave, toaster oven, coffee pot, table and chairs and tableware for your convenience.  A desk and complimentary WiFi are perfect for those who need to attend to work.  The one bedroom has a queen size bed and dresser. A separate laundry area includes washer and dryer and utility sink. The suite is located on the lower level of private home and has well lit private entrance.  Fee free to walk aroundWest Seattle View Home- 5 minutes to Beach, Parks, Restaurants and Coffee! In adorable Fauntleroy, this 3 bedroom, 1 3/4 bath home located in beautiful West Seattle neighborhood is fabulous!  1 block from Rapid Ride bus line to Downtown Seattle. Our home is in the greatest neighborhood. Perfect for the city-goer or the one who likes to explore their immediate surroundings. It's beautiful, quiet, and our home has been well loved and maintained. They will have access to the entire house including the yard space with veggies from the gardens and fruit on our trees. We also live 2 blocks up and are happy to run down if anything needs attention. This is my first time listing our property but my guess would be as much or as little as my guest prefers. I imagine I'd be hands off naturally. We are surrounded by two awesome parks- Fauntleroy and Lincoln- which happens to be the largest and coolest park in Seattle. It has a awesome walking trails, a public saltwater pool, wading pool, kids play This is a spacious room in a walk-out basement. It is ideal for about 2-3 adults plus youngsters as there is only one 3/4 bathroom. Perfect for families who are traveling and need a comfortable home base in between activities. This a large basement suite with a separate entrance. It has a queen bed, two twin beds, a trundle/toddler bed and a portable crib. The room comes with a private 3/4 bathroom (with shower). A 32'' TV and couch for relaxing. Guests have a private entrance. Access to the main floor kitchen (shared with the rest of the house). Free parking in front of the house.  Feel free to cook your own meals. The Thriftway grocery store is 1.5 miles away, as is a Starbucks and other great West Seattle restaurants and bars. We look forward to sharing our home and neighborhood with you for a night or a week. We love to have guests, but we know you need privacy. Come stay with us. The Thriftway grocery store is 1.5 miles away, as is, a Starbucks and other great West Seattle restaurLovely furnished  bedroom private suite awaits you just min from the beach in one of Seattle's most beautiful locations. Ferry terminal within walking distance takes you to Vashon Island and the Olympic Peninsula. Enjoy local beach parks and pools. Welcome to our special 1950's home located on a very private upscale street in West Seattle. You will love the privacy of this fully furnished 1 bedroom unit, with your own kitchen, private bathroom, and outdoor patio. Your "home away from home" comes with everything you need to feel comfortable and ready to relax.  Within minutes to Lincoln Park Beach and Colman Salt pool, as well as restaurants and major bus lines. Downtown is a short 20 mn drive by car, or accessible by bus. West Seattle is a destination of its own, with great water front views of downtown Seattle just off Alki Beach.  This lovely unit comes complete with a private entrance, and your very own parking space if needed. Lock box entry for your convenience.  You will love theEnjoy a stay in West Seattle nestled in a lovely quiet neighborhood where you will feel right at home with deck access to views of the Puget Sound & Olympic Mountains. Enjoy a large bedroom, full bath, private kitchen and family room.  The large bedroom comfortably accommodates two people. In a pinch, a twin air mattress is available for a third guest for an added fee. Guests have access to a full bath with walk-in shower and jetted tub (located in the hallway), kitchen, and family room. The bedroom has a TV with cable and the family room has the same with Netflix and XBox 360. Guests are welcome to use the upstairs side deck to enjoy a hot cup of java or to relax and enjoy the beautiful view. The bedroom, private kitchen, family room, and shared bath are located on the lower level. The kitchen has a full gas stove/oven, microwave, sink, and small compact frig.  Make yourself at home! Our house is situated on a side of hill that faces Puget Sound. If you are traveling by bus, please unOne private Queen bed with feather topper, private bathroom and it is 2 quick blocks from Seattle's Link Light Rail. From Airport to Downtown, you can stay right in the middle. A quiet relaxing sleep for commuters or vacationers! You'll love it! A cute town home on Beacon Hill... the guest bedroom comes with little treats for all visitors, soft sheets and great morning sunshine. Across the hall is the full private bath, with a tub if you need to unwind (bubble bath included!) The bed and bath are all yours! If you need to use the washer and dryer, be my guest. There is a lovely chef's kitchen, so if you feel like cooking... go for it! There is a grocery store 2 blocks away.  There is also a large TV with access to netflix, amazon prime and hulu! I am usually home later in the evenings, so if you want to chat great, if not, no problem. I do have a little dog (hypoallergenic!) who is the friendliest little thing you will ever meet... just be warned, if you love dogs and want to play, he Our home is centrally located in North Beacon Hill with tree-lined streets near light rail, library, shopping, restaurants, hipster hotspots, and Jefferson Park golf course.  You are minutes away for downtown, the Pike Place Market, and the SAM. There are two large rooms in this unite located on the first floor of our home. The living area, bedroom with a ensuite bathroom.   It has a queen size bed, Tea/coffee bar refrigerator and microwave oven.  Also outdoor space available to relax and work if desired. We are happy to offer help and recommendations for restaurant, sight-seeing, book stores, shopping, bars, surrounding Islands and transportation. We are Lyft driver for the city of Seattle.  Lyft is a ride share company you use for transportation.  You can get the Lyft app which is available for most smart phone for transportation.  If you need more information about how to download a Lyft app we can assist you. The neighborhood is quite and peaceful.  Beacon hill is one of the oldestThis modern town home is: - 3 block from light rail and 1 block from bus stop: 5-15 mins away from Downtown Seattle shops, Stadiums, Hospitals and Parks. Comes with a view! - 1 full size bed, 1 twin inflatable - own full bathroom Clean and cozy, three story town-home.  -Master bedroom is on the 3rd floor (loft style), has a queen size bed. And guestroom is on the first floor and has a full size bed. Both bedrooms have its own full bathroom. I can offer an inflatable mattress if requested. Kitchen and living room is in the middle level. Go out in the balcony and enjoy the view reading a book or having a glass of wine.The home built in 1918 is located on Beacon Hill near Safeco and Century Link fields. Easy access to the light rail station, from downtown to the airport and bus service. Room is big, warm and comfortable with vintage pink and black bathroom. The room accommodates two people.  Big room with closet, queen size bed and bathroom located next to the room for privacy. Room accommodates 2 people.  Private bathroom, WiFi, parking space. Easy access to the light rail to get to Safeco & CentryLink field, International District, airport and beautiful Downtown. Owner and daughter resides in the home; their bedrooms are located upstairs. Guest bedroom is on the main floor. Very Private. Beacon Hill is one of the most diverse communities in Seattle. I have lived in this community for over 26 years and what can I say, I love it! People are warmer and friendlier in this neighborhood more so than in other areas of Seattle. Traffic is not as hectic as it is on the north end of Seattle.  Metro and lightStay in a private room in our 1909 two story house. Your room looks east with views of Bellevue & the Cascade Mountains. We are 3 blocks from light rail, which gets you to downtown in 10 minutes. Our neighborhood has great coffee shops & restaurants. Our four bedroom house was built over 100 years ago and still has a ton of character. We have (and still spend) many hours restoring this house so it is comfortable and unique. We are very close to light rail and our neighborhood has several good restaurants and bars in walking distance. There are three of us living in the house: my wife Laura and I have our room on the 2nd floor, and our friend and housemate George has his room and private bathroom on the main floor. You will have access to a private room on the second floor and a shared bathroom on the same floor. We have a full kitchen you are welcome to use as well as a living room and dining room. We really enjoy meeting people from around the world and love sharing our city with you.Enjoy the southern exposure of this guest bedroom in my house on North Beacon Hill, an affordable location 3 miles from downtown Seattle.  Clean bed, heating, lockable door, free Wi-Fi, and parking for one regular-sized vehicle. Read entire ad pls! No cleaning fee or minimum night stay.  Please use the Amenities filter search to compare my listing with others, then read the details of my listing carefully as I charge a fee or limit access to various amenities.  Scroll all the way down to see all listing details.  My house has a filtered air furnace with central heating and air-conditioning so you'll stay warm in the winter and cool in the summer.  This is a spare room with southern exposure in my 4 bedroom house, furnished with a firm full-size bed, retro-30's armchair, Turkish side-table, lamp, large circular wall lamp an shelves of books to read. A key is provided to your room and the door is lockable.  The windows are lockable, have bug screens, and are covered by vinyl blinds. My pRest assured that you'll stay in a clean environment! Enjoy a quiet urban retreat with all your typical amenities and a crazy panoramic view located near all the fun spots. Easy access to Light Rail, and the bus stop is 1 block away. 5-Star Built Green certified, super clean, quiet, and bright home in Beacon Hill. Minutes from all the action: Light Rail, downtown Seattle, International District, Pioneer Square, SoDo, Safeco Field and CenturyLink Stadiums, and Capitol Hill. The house is about 2,200 sqft so you'll have plenty of space.  **Please be aware that my house is located outside of the busiest areas of the city, if you are looking to crawl home from a bar or restaurant, please keep on looking :) •  Hypoallergenic living space •  Brand new mattress •  Natural Mulberry Silk comforter •  Motorized, automatic black-out blinds for privacy or shielding from the early sunrise •  Central Air industrial HEPA filter •  Air filter in room (optional) •  Fans (box fan, vertical oscillating faCozy and comfortable private room in 2 bedroom apartment is a perfect launching pad for Seattle-based adventures, both urban and nature-inspired. Full use of kitchen and living area. No hassle parking.  Located 2 blocks from light rail, 30min to airport, 15min downtown.  Walking distance to restaurants, bars, shops. Kitchen and all amenities, living area. Host is happy to interact, give recommendations and help guests navigate the neighborhood and city. Host is avid hiker/backpacker and always enthused to discuss hiking ideas. Diverse local restaurants and quaint bars only a few blocks walk.  Light rail, grocery store, coffee shops, sandwich shop and bakery within 2 blocks. Yes. Light rail and bus routes 2 blocks from door. Two very friendly kitties also inhabit the space. Must be cat friendly.Built in 2014 beautiful 1 Bed/1 Bed studio 5 minutes from Seattle downtown. Includes mini Fridge,Microwave,Smart Tv,Outdoor Grill,Private Patio. Feels home away from home.Queen size be located in shared 5 Bed Room house on North Beacon Hill. Has a private bath room. ***We require ALL guests staying to individually register after booking approval prior to check in to communicate full guidelines on space. This is the master bedroom with its own non shared private bathroom, keyless entry lock on bed room and keyless entry on unit entry. This fully furnished house has a total of 2 bed rooms of which you would have the master in this shared space.  The house is set up as a duplex and this  3 bedroom Suite is the upper section of the house with it's own keyless entry.  Downstairs is a 2 bedroom Suite, which is also open for reservations.  There is a locked door between upstairs and downstairs and downstairs has it's own separate keyless entry for added privacy. ADDITIONAL AMENITIES:   Keyless entry Fully stocked kitchen Full washer and dryer  Cable TV  Dvd player FREE wireless wifi Board games  Hair dryer in bathroom Large back yard Friendly neighbors Out DooPLEASE READ ENTIRE DESCRIPTION AND MAKE SURE YOU SHARE ALL THE DETAILS WITH ALL OF YOUR GUESTS BEFRE BOOKING:  ***We require ALL guests staying to individually register after booking approval prior to check in to communicate full guidelines on space. Check out our reviews, they speak for themselves.  We work really hard to make sure our guests are comfortable and enjoy there visit. This A SHARED unit  (This means the ourselves & or other guest may occupy the other rooms of the house at the same time as your stay) Its located in our North Beacon Hill home near downtown Seattle. Our home has 5 Bedrooms, 3 Baths and the lower unit also featured on Airbnb is a totally private unit.   This particular room is part of the upper level of our home and shares the living room and kitchen space with Cherie and I.  This is 1 Room of a fully furnished 3 bedroom unit located in the upper level of the house and has   A fully stocked  kitchen Washer and dryer  Living room space Cable TV (in living roomThis is a great 2 bed room shared unit with its own private bath for guests, fully stocked kitchen and close to Light Rail Station, Downtown, The Stadiums in a great neighborhood. ***We require ALL guests staying to individually register after booking approval prior to check in to communicate full guidelines on space. This is a fully furnished 2 bedroom unit, that actually has a 3rd bedroom on the same floor, which we reside in.  The 3rd bedroom is a Master bedroom and has a private bathroom in it, so we will not need to share and our guests will have their own bathroom to use.   We do also offer this unit as a 3 bedroom private suite as well, please see our other listings.  As a 2 bedroom unit, this unit sleeps seven snug:   2 in queen bed, 3 in bunkbed (2 on lower bunkbed & 1 on top bunk) and either the couch or air mattress for 6 & 7. The house is set up as a duplex and this 2 bedroom unit is the upper section of the house with it's own keyless entry.  Downstairs is a 2 bedroom SuitLocated on North Beacon Hill a great room in the lower unit of our home sharing common areas and restroom near the stadiums, Downtown Seattle & public transportation. We have great amenities: cable tv in living room, Wifi & great hosts. ***SHARED SPACE ***We require ALL guests staying to individually register after booking approval prior to check in. This is the 2nd Bedroom of a fully furnished 2 bedroom Suite.    If we stay in the city we may be in the other room or another guest may book the 2nd bedroom of this Suite, which would make the living room area, kitchen and bathroom common space to share.  SHARED BATHROOM SHARED KITCHEN SPACE SHARED LIVING ROOM SPACE We want to be clear on the space, If you want compete privacy we suggest you book the entire 2 bed room unit. Here is the link to it https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/264829 We make every attempt to notify the first guest booked if a request is made for the second bedroom before we accept another guest, But if we do not hear back f***We require ALL guests staying to individually register after booking approval prior to check in to communicate full guidelines on space. This is a 1 bedroom of a fully furnished 3 bedroom suite. We actually reside in the 3rd bedroom, which is a Master bedroom with a private bathroom in it, so we will not need to share with our guests.  It is possible another guest may book the other bedrooms of this Suite, which would make the living room, kitchen and bathroom common space to share.  We make every attempt to notify the first guest booked if a request is made for the second bedroom before we accept another guest, but if we do not hear back from the first guest then we will assume this is understood and book the second bedroom.  Individual bedrooms have key locked doors, which guests are issued one key to their bedroom.   *NOTE:  If you are more of a private person and not open to possibly sharing this unit, then you may want to look into reserving the entire Suite.  Please see our adThis is the home of artists, musicians, and youth educators. Beautiful sunsets can be viewed from this bedroom which over looks the Puget Sound and the Olympic mountains. This space is shared with lovely blooming plants. This house is home to four women; to ensure that the permanent housemates feel safe we can only host women.  We have two rooms available at our house. Please check out this one, too https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/6796066 This three-story house is beautiful. It was once a Montessori school. You are welcome in all of the common spaces: two living-rooms on the first floor, a sunny kitchen (fully stocked), a third cozy living-room/mini library, a big garden and front yard, and parking in the back. Your private room is on the second (top) floor. One other bedroom is located on this floor. It is very quiet and private. You share the largest house bathroom with one other woman. There are 4 amazing women that live here.  Everyone is extremely friendly and are more than happy to Camping with tents provided and use of hot tub, deck, BBQ, and garden. Property is in "the ideal" Beacon Hill location, only 1/4 mile from light rail station that goes directly to airport and downtown Seattle. Only 1 mile from  downtown. #Glamping The backyard is my little oasis in the middle of the city.  I know there are many people that want to experience the City of Seattle with a camping/tent experience, so thought I'd share out my tents, backyard and dogs.  Full garden w/ 27 vegetables that everyone is welcome to, along w/ the hot tub, deck, BBQ grill and fire pit.  Outdoor shower and porta pottie arrive on Wednesday, July 15th. I will provide you w/ access through the side gate to the backyard. I will be available periodically throughout the day for any assistance. Beacon Hill is the coolest 'newly gentrified' neighborhood and only one mile of downtown, 1/4 mile from light rail that will take you to/from airport and downtown Seattle. Light rail and buses are available 1/4 mile fBeautiful townhouse with amazing Puget Sound and downtown views.   2 blocks from:  - Light rail that goes directly to SeaTac airport, Pike Place Market, Safeco and Stadiums. - Various restaurants and bars - Grocery store - Coffee shops Our new 3 story townhouse is setup to maximize the view of Puget Sound, the Olympic Mountains, and Downtown Seattle.  The main living room / kitchen / dining area is on the top floor, and has many windows, and even a deck with a BBQ to further enjoy the view! We have one bedroom with a king size temperpedic bed, and a second room with  a comfortable full size couch the drops to a bed (click/clack style).   We have one full bath with shower and tub, and two half baths. WIFI to our 110mbit internet connection is provided.  We also have a 65" LED tv in the living room, with HD cable television.  You can also connect your laptop via an HDMI cable. Our guests have full access to the living room, kitchen, dining room, all the bathrooms, as well as two bedroomsI list my house when I am home as a private room, but when I am out of town I would love to offer it to guests who prefer a entire home to themselves! My house has all the amenities you would ever need and it is 2 blocks from public transportation! A cute town home on Beacon Hill... the guest bedroom comes with little treats for all visitors, soft sheets and great morning sunshine. Across the hall is the full private bath, with a tub if you need to unwind (bubble bath included!) The bed and bath are all yours! If you need to use the washer and dryer, be my guest. There is a lovely chef's kitchen, so if you feel like cooking... go for it! There is a grocery store 2 blocks away. There is also a large TV with access to netflix, amazon prime Other than communication via AirBnb you will have the place to yourselves! Beacon Hill is growing everyday! There is a neighborhood grocery 2 blocks away, a handful a great restaurants within walking distance (some named best new spots in Seattle). If Centrally located at the top of Seattle's trendy Beacon Hill neighborhood. Just four blocks away from the light rail and one block away from two major bus lines, you'll find it plenty easy to get downtown or stay nearby for plenty of dining, shopping and entertainment options.  This newly renovated stand-alone cottage is located in the backyard of our home and was designed with the Airbnb traveler in mind. Included is your own bathroom, full sized kitchen, living space and queen sized bed. ***Thanks in advance for reading the entire post before booking.  This studio sits in the back of our main home, which is a triplex. We live in the lower/basement unit, while our tenants live in the upper two units. This is a stand alone cottage, so you will have your own private entrance with keyless entry and your own bathroom and kitchen stocked with dishware, cookware, coffee/tea. This space features a real bed (not air mattress), flat screen TV with cable and WIFI access and a couch where you caNewly remodeled apartment on the ground floor.  Accommodates 2 people comfortably.  Close to Beacon Hill Light Rail Station that runs from the Sea-Tac Airport to Downtown Seattle.  Comes with designated parking for one car. Walking distance to Jefferson Park and Golf  Walking distance to Beacon Hill Light Rail Station Bus stop steps away. Entire, private apartment at bottom of building with direct access; one off street parking space; access to laundry area. Open communication at all times via text/phone/email.  Not present at listing during guest's stay.  Unit is completely private in a complex of only 4 units total. Beacon Hill is a lovely neighborhood near Jefferson Park and Golf Course with newly created playground for children along with picnic and BBQ areas.  New restaurants and shops.  Public Library; Bank of America and Washington Federal. Light Rail and Bus are all easily accessible and walking distance.My 2 bedroom apartment fits 3 comfortably (Full & Twin beds). Large open layout with a spacious living room, fully equipped kitchen, xlarge bathroom, and private  deck space. Centrally located with easy access to mass transit (buses and light rail), airport, train station, and Seattle attractions. My apartment is the bottom unit of a duplex (I have long term renters in the upstairs apartment). We are on the top of Beacon Hill, with the back of the apartment looking out over the Rainer Valley. Beautiful views of the Cascades and stunning sunrises. The house has a large backyard and is gated off from the street.  Acessibilty Information: There are stairs up from the street and a few stairs up to my front door. Bathroom is wheelchair accessible Noise:  The house fronts a busy street which does get commuter traffic. My apartment is the bottom unit, so it does get noise from the upstairs apartment. You can hear people using the stairs to the upstairs unit, but besides that they are quiet neCozy space with with a great balcony to hang out on and drink your morning Seattle coffee or drink a cocktail before heading to bed outlooking the mountains and a snippet of Quest Field where the Seahawks play. Full access.  This is a one bedroom apartment so just treat this like a second home. We will most likely be available via cell phone and likely will be in the city limits so feel free to give us call or text regarding any issues you may be having. North Beacon is one of the more residential of the seattle "hills."  It has a great list of parks including Jose Rizal Park which is 3 blocks north of our apartment.  You will see photographers throughout the day and night taking photographs of the Seattle Skyline.  Highly recommended to come here at sunset. Really easy to get to our home.  There is a light rail station 10 blocks away which takes you directly downtown and to the airport.  We have one parking spot which you will be able to use.  If you have more than one car street parkA convenient, private, artful duplex apartment on the South end of Downtown Seattle, in the North Beacon Hill neighborhood. Our vacation rental is family run, by hosts who appreciate your privacy, creating a laid back, cozy atmosphere with the amenities of home. Located in the eclectic North Beacon Hill neighborhood, close to public transit, parks, restaurants, galleries, markets, stadiums, downtown & much more. Please make yourself at home, relax and enjoy your stay in Seattle! Welcome to "The Annex", a private duplex apartment and featured  dwelling on the HGTV unusual homes series, "What's with that House". The Annex is a private duplex apartment, artist owned and family operated. We're centrally located, just south of downtown Seattle, in the eclectic residential North Beacon Hill neighborhood. Enjoy a convenient walk or ride to the Historic International District, Pioneer Square Arts Corridor, SODO Sports Stadiums, the waterfront and more.  This charming 1907 duplex nestles next tHuge mother-in-law apartment in 50s rambler style beacon hill home features a working fireplace, remodeled kitchen, and views of Jefferson Park from the living room. Great neighborhood with restaurants and bars, and easy access to all Seattle and the Puget Sound have to offer. This bright, 900 square foot mother-in-law unit has been newly remodeled and is a perfect space for a couple or a group of friends exploring all Seattle has to offer. The enormous living room has a working fireplace and lots of space for eating, entertaining, or relaxing. It receives tons of light for a daylight basement apartment and it even has views of Jefferson park, located just across the street. Well behaved pets are welcome! Built in shelves and a wide opening lead you from the living room to the kitchen. It features all updated cabinets and a beautiful oak butcher block countertop. Perfect for cooking up a meal from the amazing ingredients Seattle's many and diverse markets have to offer.  The bedroom isAdorable backyard cottage on quiet street just a few minutes from downtown. Walking distance to coffee shops, restaurants, grocery store, and Jefferson park. Centrally located near I5 and I90.  Just blocks from light rail to down to and air port. The new light rail station, providing quick access to the airport and downtown is just a few blocks away. Bright, open cottage in the backyard of this quiet, centrally located neighborhood. The cottage is a studio, with a loft bed. You'll be snuggled in like a bird in a nest.  The apartment has all amenities for a short or long term stay, including a full kitchen, cooking accessories, washer and dryer, everything you'll need for your Seattle visit.  Grocery store, restaurants, coffee shops and other attractions within easy walking distance. Guests are welcome to share the yard and garden areas. I don't live on site but come by often to water and  care for the garden. I am available to answer questions via phone email and text. Light rail statiOur comfortable 5 bed 3 Bath home with 2 Kitchens has a true city feeling! Located on North Beacon Hill , near the  Beacon Hill Light Rail Station. Minutes from downtown, the stadiums and Chinatown. The house has lots of parking, cable & wifi. ***We require ALL guests staying to individually register after booking approval prior to check in to communicate full guidelines on space. This is a 5 Bedroom fully furnished 2-story house with 2 full kitchens and 3 full baths.  Our house sleeps 12 people comfortably or 16 snug. Upper Level:  2-in Master queen bed, 2-in 2nd Queen bed, 3-on bunkbed (2 on lower bun & 1 on top bunk)  and Lower Level:  2-in Main queen bed, 3-on bunkbed (2 lower bunk & 1 on top bunk).  Guests are welcome to use our air mattress or couch on the Upper Level to sleep 13 or 14 people and on the Lower Level guests are welcome to use the pull out ottoman (built for a child or petite adult) or couch to sleep 15 or 16 people. The Upper Level of the house has a Living Room wiTake light rail from the airport to our 1901 craftsman home and spend the holidays exploring the city via public transportation, Car2Go, and foot. 1 master, 1 kid room with bunk beds, 1 office with full size pull out.  Cozy, modern, clean, safe. Our 1901 Craftsman home is clean, well furnished and in good condition.  It's a great place to host a small family dinner during the holidays, but no parties, please.  We are a 30 minute ride via LINK Light Rail from SeaTac airport.  Get off at Beacon Hill station and walk 4 blocks to our house.  You will be able to get to most major tourist attractions in/around downtown Seattle via light rail, including sports stadiums (5 minutes), Chinatown (7 minutes), downtown (12 minutes). We are 5 minutes from I-90, so just about an hour from Snoqualmie ski slopes. We are an 8 minute drive from Lake Washington, which has beautiful parks, walking, running and biking paths. You will have the run of the house but we live here full time so most closets and dCamping with tents provided and use of hot tub, deck, BBQ and garden. Property is in "the ideal" Beacon Hill location, only 1/4 mile from light rail station that goes directly to airport and downtown Seattle. Only 1 mile from  downtown. #Glamping The backyard is my little oasis in the middle of the city.  I know there are many people that want to experience the City of Seattle with a camping/tent experience, so thought I'd share out my tents, backyard and dogs.  Full garden w/ 27 vegetables that everyone is welcome to, along w/ the hot tub, deck, BBQ grill and fire pit.  Outdoor shower and porta pottie arrive on Wednesday, July 15th. I will provide you w/ access through the side gate to the backyard. I will be available periodically throughout the day for any assistance. Beacon Hill is the coolest 'newly gentrified' neighborhood and only one mile of downtown. Light rail and buses are available 1/4 mile from Sven's. Downtown Seattle is 1 mile away. I have two most amazing friendly and lSpace Needle, Public Market and of course the Original Starbucks. After a long day sightseeing or visiting friends and family, you can come back to this cozy and private apartment to relax, chill and get ready for the next day. Located on Beacon Hill, this lovely apartment has one bedroom with a cal king bed, bathroom, kitchen and a futon in the living room and a small porch. There is a fruit stand right across of us with a variety of fruits and produce. You'll be surprised to find lots of interesting snitch and snacks here.  Another convenient store across the street, a cafe and many more unique stores around to explore. It only take you 5 minute to International District, 10 minutes to travel to down town Seattle.  There are buses right in front of the building as well [download the app One Bus Away to locate bus stops and check real time bus schedules in WA]A private room and full bathroom in a wonderful, modern townhouse just south of Downtown Seattle. We are 6 blocks from the light rail which goes to the airport and to downtown. Views of Puget Sound, downtown and stadiums from roof deck. Easy parking.Hi! We are Jana and Nick and we'd love to have you stay in our guest room. It has it's own en suite bath and is far away from the rest of the house, so you can have complete privacy.  The room has a queen size bed (with an awesome mattress), small TV with cable and a big closet. Our house is only a few years old, so everything is clean and fresh.  We provide shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, and hair dryer, so you may be able to get away with packing a little lighter.  We live in a townhouse and the bedroom is on the bottom floor. It can get a little cool down there (great in the summer!) but if you ever get chilly, you have your own thermostat, so you can adjust it to your liking.  Our neighborhood of Beacon Hill is charming, friendly, and has some of the best views in the city. You can see the Cascade mountain range from our house and see downtown, the bay, and the Olympic mountains if you walk about a block.  We live 5 blocks away from the new lightrail station, so you can easily caAn upper unit separate and private from our lower unit, featuring 3 bed rooms with 2 Queen beds, bunk bed with Double on the bottom single on top. Cable and wifi in all rooms large kitchen w/ Washer & Dryer and on property parking near downtown. This is a fully furnished 3 bedroom, 2 bath Suite which is separate and private from our home.  This Suite sleeps nine people snug: 2 in Master queen bed, 2 in 2nd Queen bed, 3 on bunkbed (2 on lower bunkbed & 1 on top bunk)  and either the air mattress or couch for 8 or 9. The house is set up as a duplex and this  3 bedroom Suite is the upper section of the house with it's own keyless entry.  Downstairs is a 2 bedroom Suite, which is also open for reservations.  There is a locked door between upstairs and downstairs and downstairs has it's own separate keyless entry for added privacy. ADDITIONAL AMENITIES:   Keyless entry Fully stocked kitchen Full washer and dryer  Cable TV  Dvd player FREE wireless wifi Board games  Hair dryer in bathroom La2 Bed room Suite in the lower unit of our 5 bed room home separate and private with full kitchen, bath, washer and dryer. Close to light rail and downtown Seattle with parking on property. ***We require ALL guests staying to individually register after booking approval prior to check in to communicate full guidelines on space. This is a fully furnished 2 bedroom Suite of a two story house. It is separate and private from our home and sleeps 6 people.   The house is set up as a duplex and this 2 bedroom Suite is the lower section of the house with it's own keyless entry for privacy.  The upper level is where we reside, but is also open for reservations.  There is an inside door to a stairway that connects the upstairs and downstairs units. Normally for our guest's privacy we keep this door locked, but we do enter the space occasionally to make sure appliances, irons or other dangerous items have not been left on. We use a blinking light & knocking system before we enter the space by turComfortable, private bedroom with convenient access to downtown, SeaTac airport and intercity bike trails.  We'll make you feel right at home with a private bathroom, entrance on your own floor.  Comfortably fits two with a large closet for extended stays. We are new home owners with space to share!  You will have the privacy of your own floor but are welcome to use the second floor living room and kitchen as much as you want.  Nuevos propietarios de vivienda con espacio para compartir! Tu tendras la privacidad de tu propio piso, pero son bienvenidos a la sala y cosina ubicados en el segundo piso lo mucho que ustedes quieran. - Wireless internet/internet inalámbrico - TV with Netflix in the common area - Hablamos espanol - Microwave and mini fridge in the room/Refrigeradora en el cuarto y Microondas Business ready with easy key access.   Private entrance from back porch.  Access to well stocked kitchen.  Washer and dryer available for a nominal fee.  Bike storage available. Checkin/outThis is a fully furnished 2 bedroom, 2 bath Suite. This Unit sleeps 6 people snug: 2 in Master queen bed, 2 in 2nd Queen bed, 2 more either the air mattress or couch for 5 & 6 There is a 3rd Bed room with a Bunk bed they can also be rented by you or another Guest. THIS UNIT IS A SHARED SPACE. Please either book the entire 3 bed room, entire 5 bed room house our the lower 2 bed room unit if you do not wish to share the space The house is set up as a duplex and this 2 rooms of a 3 bedroom unit.This is the upper section of the house with it's own keyless entry.  Downstairs is a 2 bedroom Suite, which is also open for reservations.  There is a locked door between upstairs and downstairs and downstairs has it's own separate keyless entry for added privacy. ADDITIONAL AMENITIES:   Keyless entry Fully stocked kitchen Full washer and dryer  Cable TV  Dvd player FREE wireless wifi Board games  Hair dryer in bathroom Large back yard Friendly neighbors Out Door Fire pit (*Must have permission in Unique space in an altered 1907 Craftsman home on Beacon Hill with west facing deck * Fantastic View of Elliot Bay and the Olympic Mountain Range* One block from 2 bus lines which connect directly to Downtown Seattle, the medical district, and Amtrak station * Five blocks from light rail which connects you to SeaTac Airport, Sports Stadiums, Downtown Seattle, and Amtrak * Wi-Fi, parking, quiet neighborhood with easy access to everywhere. Your accommodation includes a large bedroom with California King bed, a full bath, a full kitchen, a large open living room with attached area for reading, meditation, or yoga practice.  My home is walking distance to 2 coffee shops, a Baja Mexican restaurant, Fillipino restaurant, and an East Indian restaurant.  A walk down the hill (or bus ride) takes you to the International District with many Asian restaurants to enjoy.  Come experience "The Tinhouse", where you can enjoy the calm of Beacon Hill with the city at your fingertips. **One note is that I have a small space with a single bed. It is more like an alcove that is made private by a heavy curtain. This space is perfect for someone who is planning on being out and about  a lot! When you close the curtain it is private. t is small but better than sleeping with four people in a hostel. This is not a place to be if you plan on hanging out a lot. It was never intended for this purpose. Thank you for reading my whole post before you book. It is important so that you will not be surprised.  We are a home with people living here and it is not hotel quality. It is our home. Please have reasonable expectations before you book. This is an adventure not typical at all. 100+ year old house. Not spic and span...if you are looking for or need that please choose another listing. I do my best to keep it clean, we have busy lives and people coming and going. Rather than being disappointed and writing terrible reviews that hurt both of us, please consider yourself and your needs beforehand. IA large space with a beautiful hand-painted four post bed. Attached and private living room. Many windows. Feel free to use the kitchen and bathroom freely!  Three blocks from the metro and bus lines. Near supermarket, bars, coffee in safe area.Come stay with us at our new apartment 1 mile from downtown.  Easy access with lightrail, bus, or even a walk away from downtown Seattle.  Features all kitchen amenities, bathroom with tub and beautiful and spacious balcony to relax on.Guest room sleeps 1 (twin bed). My apartment has a large open layout with a spacious living room, fully equipped kitchen, xlarge bathroom, and private deck space. Centrally located with easy access to mass transit, airport, train station, and Seattle attractions. My apartment is the bottom unit of a duplex (I have long term renters in the upstairs apartment). We are on the top of Beacon Hill, with the back of the apartment looking out over the Rainer Valley. Beautiful views of the Cascades and stunning sunrises. The house has a large backyard and is gated off from the street.  Accessibility Information:  There are stairs up from the street and a few stairs up to my front door. Bathroom is wheelchair accessible Noise:  The house fronts a busy street which does get commuter traffic. My apartment is the bottom unit, so it does get noise from the upstairs apartment. You can hear people using the stairs to the upstairs unit, but besides that they are quiet neighbors. Guest parking pass for Welcome to our open and modern living that's close to everything need in Downtown Seattle.  There are two bedrooms, each with its own bath.  Close to the light rail and bus transit that will take you downtown in 5-10 minutes.  No pets or smoking plz. This townhome is very well thought out and provides a lot of light and peace. Free internet is included. There is a bathroom for each bedroom and each have its own floor. There is also a large TV with access to netflix and amazon prime! Note: During your stay, you will have access to the kitchen amenities (fridge, dishwater, microwave, hot water pot), however the stove and oven are restricted from use. Guests will have access to all parts of the house except for one of the upstair bedrooms and garage. Unfortunately I am usually out of town for work.  But never fear, there will be a housekeeping service available.  Their contact information will be available at the home.  And if you need to reach me for anything, you have my contact info. BGorgeous professionally-designed 850 square foot suite with separate entrance in a classic 1909 Seattle home. Beautiful gardens and an official backyard Wildlife Sanctuary. 5 min. walk to light rail and great access to the airport, downtown, mountains, parks, restaurants, pubs, cafes, and yoga. LGBTQ-friendly. Free parking. Welcome to my professionally designed luxury 850 sq ft. suite with separate entrance and free parking. This beautiful and clean retreat is surrounded by an official backyard Wildlife Sanctuary as designated by the Washington State Department of Fish and Wildlife. Your suite is located on the ground floor of a fully remodeled 3-story 1909 classic Seattle home. The floor above your suite is my Acupuncture & Thai yoga massage office. The top floor is where we live. Your suite is tastefully appointed with Italian tile, handmade shoji screens, art from Thailand, new appliances, and real wood furniture. Stroll along the garden paths and experience the fragrances and textuCozy one  bedroom little house  has all you need for a few nights stay  can accommodate 3 people if shared bed and or  futon  small porch small yard   1 open bedroom  1 bathroom  living room kitchenette parking This  is a 1 bedroom 1 bath fully furnished two level small home.  Home has laminate wood floors throughout and new tile in kitchen and bathroom.  Kitchen is furnished with basic kitchenware.   Has frigde, stove, and basic kitchen items to be functional.  Full bathroom with shower, supplied with all paper products, towels and minimal bathroom supplies for your stay. Bedroom has one queen bed  with small closet and other sleeping area has a futon bed if needed  and are complete with linens/pillows/blankets. (can accommodate 3 people if beds are shared) Living room has  leather couch, coffee table and tv along with gas stove fireplace .   One parking spot  leading directly up to  home. Close to sound transit, cafes, market, bank,    No smoking and no pets in home.  This rental is 1 Bedroom 1 Bathroom 1 Parking Space Laundry Room Available.  Light Rail approximately 5 blocks away and Bus in front of complex.  One Off Street Parking Spot. Comfortably fits two individuals in a private one bedroom with space for more in the living room with fold away single bed upon request.  Walking distance to golf course, park and light rail.  Literally steps away from bus stop, local restaurants, hair salons and grocery store. Complete access to entire, private apartment on 2nd Floor (approximately 15 stairs) with direct access; one off street parking space; access to laundry area on lower level. As much or as little as guest would like. Open communication at all times via text/phone/email.  Not present at listing during guest's stay.  Unit is completely private in a complex of only 4 units total. Beacon Hill is a lovely neighborhood near Jefferson Park and Golf Course with newly created playground for children along with picnic and BBQ areas.  New restaurants and shops.  PubliGuest room available on the north end of centrally located Beacon Hill neighborhood!  2 bed/1 bath* 1913 farm-house with newly remodeled kitchen, bath & patio.  *I am currently adding a second 3/4 bathroom upstairs, which will be done soon! the room easily accommodates one or two people everything! please let me know if you have special requests or any questions this mostly depends on schedules & length of stay...I work a 9-5 so am gone all day but am definitely willing to cook some food or show people around when i have the time!  I had a great time doing this last summer and had long dinners with some guests and didnt even see others the whole time they were here, so whatever works for you works for me.  though i do think meeting everyone is half the fun. very diverse up & coming neighborhood with a handful of bars & restaurants.  centrally located with easy access to capitol hill, international district, pioneer square and the stadiums, lake washington and both I5 & I90 if you are rBeautiful space with a beautiful view in an environmentally aware household with pets and people.. Thank you in advance for reading my whole post. It is important so you understand my lifestyle... I am living in a 100+ year old house. It is clean and I try my best  to keep it that way. Please be sure you are clear that this it is not a hotel and nor do I try to emulate a hotel. If you need that kind of service and level of immaculate cleanliness please find another space. What I am: 1.an easy going household filled with people ( I have housemates) and animals.  2.Dogs, cats, rabbits, mosquitos, some flies buzzing around, a few bees, and lots of plants outside. 3.A deck with a beautiful view. 4. A home that is neither too clean, nor too dirty. It is my  home and sometimes it is really together and sometimes it isn't, however it is a 100+ year old house and sometimes no matter how much I clean it is always in need of more...  5.Some of us smoke weed, some drink wine...we are okay with guThis comfortable space is very quiet and full of light. Proximity to restaurants and parks as well as very good transit options. Beacon Hill station only minutes away for easy transportation to downtown and airport. LGBT-friendly! This is a large room with ensuite bathroom. It's located on the first floor of our house and it's completely separated from it by the laundry room (which is shared). Queen size bed. Tea/coffee bar and microwave oven available. The room has its own access door located at the back of the house. Enter from the front then walk on the left side of the house to reach the back. Enjoy the zen garden!! The palm trees offer a nice shade and the fence provides privacy for your moments of relax. (Please, keep front and back yard gates closed at all times.) We have lived in Seattle for quite a few years now and are happy to offer help and recommendations about transport, sight-seeing, best restaurants and bars. The giant tract of land south of downtown between I-5 and RaiThis room in a modern town home is: - 3 block from light rail and 1 block from bus stop: 5-15 mins away from Downtown Seattle shops, Stadiums, Hospitals and Parks. Comes with a view! - 1 full size bed, 1 twin inflatable - own full bathroom Clean and cozy, three story townhome. My bedroom is on the third floor and your bedroom is on the first floor with privacy and its full bathroom included. It has one full size bed, and I can offer an inflatable mattress for a second person if requested. Want the entire house? Let me know! We could arrange that. Kitchen and living room is in the middle level for you and me to use. Go out in the balcony and enjoy the view reading a book or having a glass of wine. If possible, I'd love to meet my guests at their arrival and give them recommendations about the city, restaurants, transportation, etc. I also respect my guests privacy, and space. Beacon Hill neighborhood is located minutes from downtown. It has the convenience of having a light rail station    1 Bedroom 1 Bathroom 1 Parking Space Laundry Room Available Near Light Rail Near Bus Stop Near Jefferson Golf Course & Park     Comfortably fits two individuals in a private one bedroom with space for more in the living room with fold away single bed upon request.  Walking distance to golf course, park and light rail.  Literally steps away from bus stop, local restaurants, hair salons and grocery store.   Entire, private apartment on 2nd Floor (approximately 15 stairs) with direct access; one off street parking space; access to laundry area on lower level. Open communication at all times via text/phone/email.  Not present at listing during guest's stay.  Unit is completely private in a complex of only 4 units total.   Beacon Hill is a lovely neighborhood near Jefferson Park and Golf Course with newly created playground for children along with picnic and BBQ areas.  New restaurants and shops.  Public Library; Bank of America and Washington Federal. Light Rail approximately 5 blocks Quiet one bedroom apartment short distance from light rail station.  Good restaurants, library, grocery, coffee shop, Zen Center and Jefferson park near by.  Living room area has two couches and one chair that convert to beds. Access to coin laundry. Centrally located in Seattle, peaceful quiet North Beacon Hill residential area, second floor one bedroom apartment, kitchen, full bath.  Living room can sleep three comfortably, queen size bed in bedroom. Access to wireless Internet & coin laundry. There will always be a host around if needed. Quiet residential area of city close to parks, good eateries, coffee house, light rail, rich ethnic diversity. Good bus service to downtown, light rail to SeaTac Airport, stadiums and downtown. The building housing the available unit also serves as a residential practice center for Zen meditation retreats and training.Big weekend in Seattle with Mariners game, Sounders game and tons of other Seattle Summer Goodness, so  I'm renting out my vintage Scamper camper for Friday and Saturday nights in front of my house. The perfect urban city experience!! Cadillac of Scampers and in perfect condition! 1/4 mile from light rail and 1 mile from downtown Seattle and 1/2 mile from Safeco and Century Link Stadiums!Built this space with my own hands and the help of many others! Blessed Be! Paz e Amor! What we have here is a lovely small kitchen with a breakfast bar/social area. The bathroom is full of character with a limestone tub/shower. Open layout. :) 3 blocks from light rail station! 20 minutes from airport. 15 min from downtown.   Renovated the space with my own hands and the help of good friends. labor of love. Currently in the process of making the space more awesome so... A bit of construction and such will be happening through September. Private bedroom Shared living room, kitchen, deck, garden full of edibles. I am here to help with anything you need as far as what to do around town, how to best get around, and many other things, just ask. I love that my neighborhood is consistently getting better.   A 1 block street backed up to a green belt.  1 block away is a major thoroughfare that Leeds to all the city has to offer.  This makes for an urban/ rural paradox feel.  Love it! Within 3 Great simple home with high end appliances.  Densely wooded backyard on private road making this a quiet getaway, while being located next to downtown. Capital hill, downtown, or the cute Columbia City, everything is close. Lots of parking. A simple home with hard wood-floors, fresh paint.  2 bedrooms on the 1st floor, one is an open office, one with a full size bed.  Upstairs are 2 attic bedrooms with a King (posterpedic with air controls) and Queen bed.  Stainless higher-end appliances (Gas stove, ice maker fridge, Bosch dishwasher). There is a new flat screen, with WIFI, and Apple TV device for your use. Large wooded backyard makes you feel far from the city, and is very quite and private.  This home is on a dead-end, so lots of privacy and parking.  Close to most Seattle destinations. Top of line LG Trom washer and Dryer on site. 4 bus stops within 4- 6 blocks. You have full access to the house and unfinished basement for laundry.  Enjoy the private backyard. I live just down the rLarge private bedroom.  Easy access via public transit to downtown Seattle Eastside, walking distance to Intl District, Pioneer Square, CenturyLink, SafeCo.  Large well-stocked kitchen. Shared bathroom.  Free street parking.  Located on bike trail.   Queen size air mattress (for 2) or twin bed (for 1) available. Business ready with key drop for arrival/departure. Shared kitchen and living room. Garage available for bike storage.  Shared full and half bath. Washer/dryer available for nominal fee.  Check-in and out times are flexible and early or extended times can be arranged if there is no overlap with other guests. We will be down the hall.  We've lived in and around Seattle for years and have hosted international visitors so we're happy to help you discover our great city. Quiet neighborhood with adjoining park and hike/bike trail. Convenient access to I-5, I-90, and I-405. From SeaTac airport: Take the Light Rail to Beacon Hill station.  We'll pick you up there or you can take the 3The house is a three bedroom, 2 bathroom house. The room I offer is a private room with a shared bathroom. Kithcen, living room, and laundry are available. And I have two tiny schnauzers in the house.Great location for a long stay with easy access to downtown Seattle via bus or lite rail. It's very comfortable with private, fully furnished bedroom and bath on separate floor of 3 bedroom townhome. Also enjoy shared space including kitchen, dining room and den. This a very comfortable home, where your room/bathroom is on separate level than other rooms, so no bimping At my place you will have full access to furnished home, including kitchen, cable and internet. There's also great access to the city and beautiful views of Seattle just steps away. I live here full time, so I will be around. I'm active, independent and love to cook...happy to share a meal! We may have as much interaction as you like, I like to show people around town a bit...or maybe explore on your own, it's up to you;) Beacon Hill is up and coming with new places popping up all the time. There are great restaurants/ bars a short walk away, also just down the hill is the international district... And from there CapitolRight across the street from Jefferson Park in Beacon Hill this two bedroom house can comfortably sleep five and is walking distance from light rail, bars and restaurants, a driving range, skate park, and a full golf course. great for groups of friends or families with children. This 1953 rambler-style house is a great home base for exploring the area, and will easily fit five adults. There are two full-sized beds--one in the master bedroom, and a sofa bed in the guest bedroom--and an inflatable aerobed or a large down-stuffed leather couch for a fifth guest. There's plenty of cooking stuff in the kitchen if you want to whip up a meal from the ingredients you picked up at Pike Place Market or any of the closer shopping options in neighborhood like the Wednesday farmers market in the beautiful Columbia City neighborhood.  The house is about 1,100 sq ft in the upstairs area (there's an occupied in-law unit is downstairs). Hardwood floors throughout, granite countertops in the kitchen. ThThis is 1 Room of a fully furnished 2 bed room unit. located in the lower unit of our home, we live up stairs.  If you have 3 guests the 3 sleeping area would be on the couch separate and private from my home. has a full kitchen, full size washer and dryer, living room and work desk, free wireless wifi, cable tv, board games, dvd player, out door fire pit, gas and charcoal grills available for use, $10 surcharge for gas grill use.  close to downtown, walking distance to light rail, lake washington, 18 Hole Golf Course, Public Library & Grocery Store within 5 blocks.    We stock the rooms with fresh towels, fully stocked bathroom and we usually keep some basic goodies in the frig. All of our beds have Fitted soft top water proof matress protectors We require ALL Adult guests staying in the home to individually register with us a link to the form is sent out after booking confirmation. Access codes are not provided until registration is complete. Great Parking in private driveway 10ft frGorgeous hilltop apartment in North Beacon Hill impeccably decorated & cleaned. 2 Queen bedrooms and gleaming bathroom. 5 star reviews! Check out this incredible apartment and you will not regret it  :) We have thought of those details that will make your stay worry free. This beautiful and immaculate haven is for those with discerning taste and a high standard of cleanliness. It will comfortably accommodate up to 4 people. Its the first floor of my 1930 home just lovingly renovated by my husband and I. it is a fully enclosed apartment with a separate entrance and is completely private and comfortable. KITCHEN: -The fully stocked kitchen was lovingly renovated by us very recently with all the comforts to make it easy to cook and clean up. It has stunning crema persa granite counter-tops, and so many amenities. Various teas & Starbucks coffee are included. -Amenities include: dishwasher, garbage disposal, large farmhouse style sink, in unit front load washer/dryer, microwave, oven rangeOur "green built", 1+ bedroom, 2 bath town home is a modernists treat!  On a quiet street with a dedicated parking space in back, it's located close to the Stadiums, Seattle U, Chinatown and Capitol Hill. Enjoy local beer/wine upon your arrival.   A modern, well appointed town home within walking distance to Capitol Hill (hottest restaurant and bar scene in Seattle) and Chinatown (great for cheap eats). High-end kitchen and cozy heated floors. Soaring ceilings in the huge bedroom, luxury bathrooms w/ skylight, soaking tub and river rock shower.  Outdoor dining table with gas grill and fireplace.  A luxurious place for 2 but an airbed can be set up in the office/guest room for extra guests (additional fee). The non enclosed office is on the same floor as the living room with access to the second floor full bath. A well stocked kitchen, Apple TV and large HDTV in the living room for movies, Netflix etc... Free Wifi. Private deck with gas grill and fire place. Free parking in a dedicated This two bedroom single family home is located in the up and coming N. Beacon Hill neighborhood conveniently located to public transportation and freeways. With 800 sq. ft of living space, you will find two bedrooms and one bath. One bedroom consist of one queen size bed and another with a twin bed. The sofa bed also opens up that fits comfortably for two. A keybox will be made available to ensure easy and convenient check-in/check-outs. Parking is available in the driveway and off street parking as well. With respect to your privacy, interaction is available should guests have any specific questions/requests, availability can be coordinated.  I am available by text/phone/email should you have any questions. Jefferson Park and Golf Course, Jefferson Community Center, restaurants, coffee shops, grocery stores, public library and banks are just a few of the things Beacon Hill offers. Light Rail and bus approximately 5 blocks away and Bus #36 takes you straight to downtown Seattle.  The lThis is an adorable and quality 2 BD/1BA cottage in the funky North Beacon Hill neighborhood of Seattle.  3 blocks to Light Rail for a short ride to the airport or downtown.  Start your day with coffee on the porch and end it with a cozy slumber. The home is a single family home with a MIL unit in the basement.  (The MIL is rented to a permenant tenant who has separate access, etc.)  The upstairs floor of the house is what is for rent.  It is fully equipped with 2 BD, full bath, full kitchen, living room as well as den/TV room.  This is a homey and classy space that is easy to make yourself at home and settle in. Guests have access to the entire space.  The MIL tenant shares front gate access to the property but has a fully separate entrance and living space. I will meet guests to provide key and answer any questions prior to their stay. North Beacon Hill is a budding, funky and community oriented neighborhood with good restaurants, coffee shops and parks.  For a fabulous Italian meal,Enjoy the privacy of two large bedrooms, a living area, and a separate bathroom in the basement of a gorgeous Beacon Hill craftsman home.  Your stay includes an organic, gourmet breakfast made with ingredients from the property.  Enjoy a cozy bedroom and bathroom to yourself in our large, private basement.  You're welcome to enjoy our secluded backyard that houses chickens, ducks, and in-season fruits and vegetables.  Weekend guests are invited to join us for an early breakfast.  We'll use as many ingredients from our property as possible (you're welcome to help collect eggs and in-season fruits or vegetables for our meal!).  All meals are made with organic ingredients. Basement is open to guests and, aside from a private bedroom and bathroom, includes a large creative space, workout room, and access to our great backyard (where you'll find chickens, ducks, and in-season fruits and vegetables). Lounge, play, or gather ingredients for a meal -- the choice is yours (we'll do the cooking,Great condo located next to the Jose Rizal Park in Seattle. Close to views, food, and stadiums - Only a 15 minute walk to Safeco and Century Link Fields! Perfect stay for the weekend game, quiet get-away, or home base for your Seattle adventure. We are located at the top of 12th Ave. South next to the historic "Pacific Medical Building" (former Amazon office). We have amazing views of the city from Jose Rizal Park. Our condo has hardwood floors, a nice size bed, couch, and living space as well as a small balcony for enjoying summer evenings. Guest have access to our garage parking space as well as our facility pool and hot tub. (rules and restrictions apply) We do not stay at our home during bookings. Beacon Hill is boarders on the International District, SODO, and the Central district. We are about a 15 minute walk from the Stadiums and 30 minutes from downtown and Capital Hill. There are parks, views and restaurants within walking distance of our place and hundreds of bars, concert vLovely, bright one bedroom in Seattle's Beacon Hill across from Jefferson Park. Spacious living room, long/comfy couch great as an extra bed, bathtub, queen sized bed, full kitchen, lots of art and plants- all with a magical touch. Wonderful, clean and cozy 1 bedroom apt with great bathtub, full kitchen and super deluxe queen size bed. Laundry in basement, street parking. Close to light rail so just minutes from downtown and airport. Beacon Hill is a quiet residential neighborhood that has some great places to eat and hang out. There is a great park across the street. WiFi, hard wood floors, quiet neighbors, lots of light during the day. Full access to space apart from walk in closet behind bathroom and side studio corner off living room which contain storage. Sarah will be available if you have any questions about the building/space while I am out of town. Great quiet, friendly and diverse neighborhood. If you don't have a car, the bus lines 36 and 60 run close by as well as the BeacoIn the North Beacon Hill neighborhood of Seattle, you will sleep in the heart of the City.  You are walking distance from great restaurants and the International District, and mere minutes from sights like Pike Place Market, SAM, and Safeco Field.Newer townhouse, built in 2009, with 2 bedrooms and 2.25 baths. Conveniently located 7 minutes from Safeco Field/Century Link Field/Downtown/Capitol Hill. Near Light Rail and Bus. Washer/Dryer/Dishwasher/Oven/Microwave/Cable TV. Picturesque views. 2 bedroom, 2.25 bath town home, with access to the entire home and complete privacy.  Guests will have complete access to the entire house.  I will have zero interaction with the guests. The keys will be exchanged with the neighbors.  Lots of young professionals and couples living in the area. Its an area of growing townhomes being built.  There is convenient Public Tranist, with Bus stops heading South and North just a half a block away. Also, the Light Rail is within walking distance.Camping with tents provided and use of hot tub, deck, BBQ and garden. Property is in "the ideal" Beacon Hill location, only 1/4 mile from light rail station that goes directly to airport and downtown Seattle. Only 1 mile from  downtown. #Glamping The backyard is my little oasis in the middle of the city.  I know there are many people that want to experience the City of Seattle with a camping/tent experience, so thought I'd share out my tents, backyard and dogs.  Full garden w/ 27 vegetables that everyone is welcome to, along w/ the hot tub, deck, BBQ grill and fire pit.  Outdoor shower and porta pottie arrive on Wednesday, July 15th. I will provide you w/ access through the side gate to the backyard. I will be available periodically throughout the day for any assistance. Beacon Hill is the coolest 'newly gentrified' neighborhood and only one mile of downtown. Light rail and buses are available 1/4 mile from Sven's. Downtown Seattle is 1 mile away. I have two most amazing friendly and lThis is the home of artists, musicians, and youth educators. Overlooking an abundant garden (strawberries, cherries, raspberries!), your room is carefully crafted with tiny, beautiful delights; minimalist in style, exceptional in quiet flair. We have two rooms available at our house. Hello Folks! This house is home to four women; to ensure that the permanent housemates feel safe we can only host women. One lovable kitty lives in the house. We have one other room available at this house. Please check out our other space, too! https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7883181 This three-story house is large, eclectic and beautiful. It was once a Montessori school. You are welcome in all of the common spaces: two living-rooms on the first floor, a brilliantly sunny kitchen (fully stocked), a third cozy living-room/mini library (outside your bedroom), a big garden and front yard. Your private room is on the second (top) floor. One other bedroom is located on this floor. It is very quiet and private.  YThis simple downstairs bedroom is ideal for the low-maintenance budget traveler. Free Wi-Fi and parking for one car. Only 3 miles from downtown Seattle.  Semi-private entrance. No cleaning fee or minimum night stay.  Please use the Amenities filter search to compare my listing with others, then read the details of my listing carefully as I charge a fee or limit access to various amenities.  Scroll all the way down to see all listing details.  This cozy carpeted basement bedroom is furnished with a single bed, 2 pillows, 2 comforters, clean sheets and pillowcases. My house has a filtered air furnace with central heating and air-conditioning so you'll stay warm in the winter and cool in the summer. The bed fits people up to 6" tall. Large built-in closet with drawers to store things, chair and lamp.  Lockable bedroom door with own key. Small shared 3/4 bathroom (see photos). *The width between shower and bathroom counter is only about 12" wide (see photos) so it is not recommended for wiThis homey, bright space is the perfect place for 1 to 2 adults and small children.  Close to downtown, but in a quiet, safe neighbourhood with easy parking and short walking distance to the light rail, shops, restaurants and parks Ground floor of a sweet little 1-bedroom Craftsman home on  North Beacon Hill in a safe, family-friendly, walkable neighborhood just south of Seattle.  Great views of downtown Seattle, the Olympic mountains and the Puget Sound.  Easy local driving, biking or public transit to downtown (less than 2 miles away), stadiums, museums, parks, Pike Place Market, the waterfront and the convention center.  Conveniently located 2.5 blocks from the Beacon Hill Link Lightrail Station connecting the Sea-Tac airport to downtown Seattle, and easy walking distance (within 2-3 blocks) to a Red Apple grocery store, library, restaurants, bars, hair salon and multiple businesses. Just 1.5 blocks to an overlook park with sweeping views of the city, mountains and Puget Sound.  ShoConvenient Seattle location - minutes to Eastside, Downtown Seattle, SeaTac and Light Rail.  Light-filled Ground level 1bd Apt of Duplex with separate entrance, private patio. Quiet n'hood. Walk to lake, cafes, parks. Bike trails, tennis courts across st. Fully furnished & wifi. Sweet, comfortable, clean space. Private 750sq ft apt for the cost of a pvt room elsewhere. Tempurpedic Qn bed, quality linens and comforters.  Light and spacious. Your home away from home. The full Apt and shared washer and dryer I' m available if needed, however the Apt is fully equipped and ready for occupancy.  Secured keybox allows access when you arrive withput contacting Host. Great local cafes and eateries; nice walk to waterfront Lake Washington; tennis out your front door; Master Gardeners Display Garden 2 blocks away (up a short hill); Super easy access to Eastside, West Seattle, Downtown and Sports stadium. 20 min walk to Light Rail station (mount Baker) YesNestled atop Beacon Hill, my condo offers amazing views of the Seattle city skyline, the amazing Olympic Mountain Range, and the Puget Sound. Your private bed/bath are both fully, comfortably equipped. Downtown Seattle is a 20-minute walk away.  My condo has amazing, panoramic views of what makes Seattle so great: the mountains, the sound, the city skyline, and much more. I promise a clean, quiet, inviting, comfortable, and private room. The room is professionally cleaned between guests. For our mutual convenience, you pay a portion of the cleaning fee and I subsidize a portion.  The large balcony is perfect for taking memorable photos, enjoying a cold beer, and taking in the beautiful city you're visiting.  I am on two bus lines (36, 60) and less than .8 miles from the Beacon Hill Transit Station, which connects to the airport. Downtown, the Bolt Bus stop, Amtrak, First Hill hospitals, the International District, Capitol Hill, Jose Rizal Park, the Mountains to Sound Greenway Trail, an2 bedroom North Beacon Hill apartment. Minutes from Stadium District, Pioneer Square, International District, downtown, and freeways. Basement apartment in quiet neighborhood across from a lovely park. Easy access to I-90, I-5, buses, & bike trails.Stylish and cozy basement room with private entrance, lounging area, desk and comfortable full-sized bed. Walking distance from the Beacon Hill light rail, bus lines, Jefferson Park and restaurants. Shared kitchen and bathroom upstairs.       This room is adorable. You'll want to kick your feet up and read a book while looking at the glow of the faux fireplace. Then settle into the comfy bed nestled in the nook. The space is entered by walking along the side garden, through the back patio, and to the private entrance into the basement. To enter the upstairs to use the bathroom and kitchen from the basement, you must walk outside and upstairs to the back door of the house. Please note: The ceiling is 6 ft tall, so it is not recommended for tall people.  Kitchen, cookware, coffee maker, refrigerator, dishwasher, washer, dryer, bathroom, shower, back patio I live here with my partner and our mellow bulldog Violet. You are welcome to cook and eat meals, store things in the fridge, and use A bedroom with private full bathroom on the ground floor of a three floor modern townhouse.  Bed is now changed to queen sized one.  One minute walk to bus stop that goes to downtown in 15minutes.  12 minute walk to light rail station where you can take train to airport in 20 minutes. The location of this house is very convenient. Bus stop is only 1 minute walk on the same block. The bus can take you to downtown Seattle in 15 minutes.  You can also walk to downtown in about 35 to 40 minutes.  The house is 12 minutes walk to LINK station, where airport is a 20 minutes train ride away. Next to the train station is a supermarket and public library. Pacific Medical Center is only 5 minutes walk away from the house. About the townhouse:  It's a three story townhouse built in 2010.  One bedroom on the first floor (this on), two bedrooms on the third floor. It has hardwood floors on 2nd floor, tiled bathrooms, matching granite counters throughout, deep soaking tub. Each of the three bedrooms Rest & relax in this large private carpeted rec room with queen bed in my house on N Beacon Hill.  Free Wi-Fi.  Affordable location 3 miles from downtown Seattle. Semi-private entrance. Free parking for one car. No cleaning fee or minimum night stay.  Please use the Amenities filter search to compare my listing with others, then read the details of my listing carefully as I charge a fee or limit access to various amenities.  Scroll all the way down to see all listing details.  My house has a filtered air furnace with central heating and air-conditioning so you'll stay warm in the winter and cool in the summer.Queen-size raised Aerobed with memory foam topper in  spacious downstairs rec room.   The room contains a color TV with remote (limited basic cable), a laptop-friendly desk, free Wi-Fi and an Xfinity ethernet cable connection.  This room was newly carpeted last year with a Persian rug over it.  There is a Total Gym and yoga ball stored in here you can use. Parking for 1 regular-siMaster bedroom with private full bathroom on the top floor of a three floor modern townhouse.  one minute walk to bus stop that goes to downtown in 15minutes.  12 minute walk to light rail station where you can take train to airport in 20 minutes. The room also has stairs lead to a huge rooftop with 360 degree view. The location of this house is very convenient. Bus stop is only 1 minute walk on the same block. The bus can take you to downtown Seattle in 15 minutes.  You can also walk to downtown in about 35 to 40 minutes.  The house is 12 minutes walk to LINK station, where airport is a 20 minutes train ride away.   Next to the train station is a supermarket and public library. Pacific Medical Center is only 5 minutes walk away from the house. About the townhouse:  It's a three story townhouse built in 2010.  One bedroom on the first floor, two bedrooms on the third floor. It has hardwood floors on 2nd floor, tiled bathrooms, matching granite counters throughout, deep soaking tub. EacWelcome to Beacon Hill! This brand new, architect-designed, professionally-built apartment features a full kitchen, tub and shower, hangout deck, and a private entrance. One block from light rail, it's convenient to the airport, downtown, and more. The apartment was custom designed by a skilled architect to get the most out of the space. With two distinct rooms, it's a cross between a studio and a one bedroom. We've worked to make it a comfortable modern apartment with everything you need to feel at home, including pots and pans, dishes, and a vintage milkshake mixer. With a full kitchen, dining table/standing desk, and a bath complete with tub, it's both comfortable and efficient. All the appliances and cookware are brand new.  The combined bedroom/sitting area is a great place to relax at the end of the day, while the hangout deck lets you get above ground level while you enjoy Seattle's fabled weather. Guests have complete access to the apartment and the hangout entry deck. The aparSeparate entrance to this beautifully remodeled Mother-In-Law Apartment, in the lower level of a two-story home. 1 bedroom with walk-in-closet; 1 bathroom with walk-in-shower; a full kitchen with complimentary coffee, and the open living area with 2 full size futons. The rental space is the daylight basement of our two story home. I live upstairs and always available when home. Guests will be able to park directly under the carport, with direct access to the entrance door. The unit is conveniently located in the South end of Columbia City/Seward Park neighborhood, a multi-ethnic,  trendy neighborhood with plenty of restaurants choices within a few blocks. Seward Park on Lake Washington is less than a 20 minutes walk. With a full kitchen and the new location of PCC Market close by you'll have the option to cook your own healthy meals. Enjoy free cable TV and Netflix movies with complimentary Keurig coffee, hot cocoa and tea.  A block from Metro bus lines and easy access to the  Othello This 2BR, 1BA home sits in a great location in Seattle's most diverse zip code, Columbia City. Sample a different world cuisine every night, then return to a comfy rental with contemporary style! Enjoy the vibrancy and diversity of Seattle's Columbia City neighborhood at this great vacation rental. With room for 5 guests in 2 bedrooms (one with a queen and the other a twin-over-full bunk bed), the home has a gorgeous, open-plan feel and a friendly vibe.   A modern kitchen with free-standing island and comfortable seating in the dining and living areas create a welcoming space to come together at the end of a busy day. And busy you'll be, with a million things to do and see in the area! Diverse eateries are all around. Or pack a picnic and head to Seward Park, just two miles away.  The metro line, a block away, takes you straight into downtown Seattle. INSIDE THE HOUSE Enter through double French doors to the open-plan living space. Sink into the comfy seating for five people, and take Please INSTANT BOOK ONLY IF you are a total NONSMOKER and like living with 1 large friendly loving dog.  Value packed house, Pine TWIN BED, with new sheets, shared bath, free snacks, in wonderful clean home! Check out the reviews!! BEFORE YOU DO INSTANT BOOK, Please know The House of Light is SMOKE -FREE! NONSMOKERS ONLY!!  A Very Large Friendly Dog lives in the house.  She loves everyone. Please ONLY Book if YOU ARE COMFORTABLE AND ENJOY BEING AROUND LARGE LOVING DOGS. Please do not book if you smoke.  Love light and bright colors? Welcome to the Bunny Room and the House of Light! Tons of Light! High ceilings in foyer and family room! Tons of extras! New sheets! Perfect for 1 person! FREE DAILY BREAKFAST and FREE Snacks! Need space for 1-2 more people? Consider also renting the Serene Room, my other listing, and I will make you a good deal on both rooms! This light-filled home is located only 25 minutes by car from center Seattle, and 25-30 minutes by bus.  The bus stop is located 3 bPrivate apartment is in the basement of our renovated 1908 home in a quiet neighborhood. Easy access to Light Rail for Seahawks and Mariners games, close to shops and restaurants in Columbia City and Beacon Hill, walking distance to Lake Washington. Private mother-in-law basement apartment in a renovated 1908 Farmhouse style home that can accommodate 4 adults comfortably. We live right upstairs, in case you need anything. Bedroom - Queen size Tempurpedic bed - Queen size Serta Air Mattress that can be set up for additional guests Living Room - 7 foot sofa that can sleep one adult comfortably (does not pull out into a bed) - 46" TV with basic cable and HBO, BluRay/DVD player - Free reliable high speed Wi-Fi - Work space area with desk and lamp Bathroom - Full bath with tub and toilet - Includes: basic linens (towels, sheets and blankets), shampoo and body soap Kitchen - Stocked with full set of cooking utensils, pots/pans, dishes, glasses, cutting boards, sharp knives, gas stove (4 burnHave you ever wanted to see and stay in an actual Tiny House? This is your chance! Custom Tiny House with private landscaped yard and Asian influenced interior design. 7 minute walk to Light Rail for Seahawks/Mariners/Sounders games and downtown. Tiny House living is a unique experience - declutter, reduce, re-use and live simply. I custom designed the space to be efficient, modern and comfortable.  It is located in the back portion of our double lot property behind the house we live in. INTERIOR: There are two lofts - a queen size and a twin size loft for 3 people to sleep comfortably. The heated floors keep the place at the perfect temp day or night. Lots of natural light fills the space from the 5 clerestory windows. The kitchen is fully equipped with a 2 burner stove, mini fridge and freezer and everything you need to cook and eat in. The bathroom has a shower and state of the art composting toilet that separates liquids from solids and vents out all odor. Access to the lofts is byOur space is unique in the sense that you are not limited to just the space that you are staying. You can enjoy our patio, our rooftop deck that has hot tub and lounge chairs, access to a  24 hour community room that has a pool table,  a gym and the biggest perk is that it is right off of the light link rail! which is only 20 min ride  north from Sea Tac Airport, from the bus/train station it is 15 min south, and  a 35 min ride south to dt seattle!This clean, quiet & cozy queen bedroom shares a bathroom with just two other rooms in a large multi-airBNB bedroom home. The neighborhood is a quiet Jewish community just a 1.1mile walk to the Othello light rail station & a .8mile walk to Seward Park Your room is on the lower floor, down the stairs upon entering the house. Take a right through the doorway and your room is the first bedroom on the right. It is furnished with a queen bed, small fan, personal floorboard heaters and closet space with hangers. The bathroom is located on the same hallway as the bedroom for which you have booked. It will be the first door on the left when walking from the living area. The towels are either stacked on shelving or in cabinets within the corresponding bathroom. Guests have access to both levels in the home. Both kitchens, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, the backyard and upper deck. Basically the entire home. Please refrain from buying and storing multiple days groceries. There is juThis clean, quiet & cozy queen master bedroom has its own private bathroom as well as a third bed perfect for families. The neighborhood is a quiet Jewish community just a 1.1mile walk to the Othello light rail station & a .8mile walk to Seward Park. Your room is on the upper floor, up the stairs upon entering the house. Take a right through the doorway and your room is the second doorway on the left.  It is furnished with a queen bed + a twin loft bed perfect for children or a small adult under 125lbs, small fan, personal floorboard heaters, work desk w/lamps and closet space with hangers. This room has a private 4 piece bathroom for which normal house rules in regards to bathroom time limits do not apply. Even though you are not sharing, please keep clean as if you were! The communal use bathroom is located on the same hallway as the bedroom for which you have booked. It will be the first door on the left when walking from the living area. The towels are either stacked on shelving orThe designer touches in this craftsman home are so inviting you won't want to leave.  No car needed as the light rail brings you from the airport here, downtown and the convention center.  Enjoy the gourmet kitchen, big deck and yard. Relax in a bright, completely remodeled 100 year old craftsman style home.  You and I will share a 3 bedroom, 2,500 square foot house.  Lots of space for privacy Your bed can either be a single bed to give you more room or a king bed to spread out as it is a daybed with a pop up trundle.  A 2" foam topper provides extra comfort.   Access to the back deck and fenced yard will help you relax at the end of the day.  Your bedroom and private bath is on a different floor than the owner (Stacie) for extra privacy and quiet at night.   The house has two black indoor/outdoor cats (Carter and Harley) so you have to be ok with that.  They are very friendly.  Harley is a bit shy but Carter will take any scratches behind the ears that you are willing to give. BathrooLovely downstairs studio unit in the most diverse zip code in the United States! 5 minute walk to lightrail station gives easy access to downtown and airport. Continental breakfast, candlelit fireplace, deep-soak tub, Ben & Jerry's in the freezer. Charming studio apartment with natural lighting, recessed bookshelves, and plenty of space. Private entrance. Real bed + futon = space for 4 to sleep well. Kitchenette has brand new convection oven, microwave, and dual hotplate. Please be aware that there is a flight of stairs at the entrance. We'll be in the upstairs unit and are more than happy to offer advice for things to do, places to see, restaurants you shouldn't miss. Our location is amazing- quiet, but centrally located. There are numerous delectable ethnic restaurants within walking distance, and a great community atmosphere. We are across the street from a park/playground (with a very impressive slide!) and we're a few blocks from the grocery store and tennis courts. Columbia City We keep a clutter free modern rustic home. Our vaulted ceilings, large open kitchen and spacious bedroom layout are perfect for any group get away. It's a walk from the Light Rail and Lk. Washington for variety in scenery. Brand new home beautifully decorated in a rustic modern and minimalist vibe.  The ground level has vaulted ceilings that make an already large open space feel even bigger.  There are four bedrooms (two queen beds/ one king & one full size deluxe air bed) and three full bathrooms to give everyone a little space during their stay.  We also have two extra lux air beds in twin size with bedding for the larger guest counts. In home laundry (soaps/softeners/stain removers included) Built in home stereo with AUX cable for easy listening to any of your favorite music  AppleTv 3D Television and library of blue-rays  Outdoor Bbq Grill Large outdoor patios with lounge seats Stand-up Indoor Tanning bed Large balcony off master bedroom with lounge seating I try to respond as quicSTOP! Please INSTANT BOOK ONLY if you're a NONSMOKER and enjoy living with 1 large friendly loving dog! WOW!!! The Serene Room, queen bed, New sheets, FREE BREAKFAST,  Kitchen, Free E-Z street parking, + more!! 25 minutes via bus to Center Seattle! Love light and bright colors?  Welcome to the Serene Room and the House of Light!  Tons of Light! High ceilings in foyer and family room! Working wood stove, plus tons of extras! New sheets! Perfect for 1-2 people. I live in the house and have my own bedroom and bath. I offer 2 possible bedrooms to rent in my home, each one priced separately, with 1 bathroom shared by both bedrooms. FREE DAILY BREAKFAST of yogurt, fresh fruit, plus coffee/tea.FREE SNACKS.  Full kitchen access to COOK! Need space for 1 more person? Consider also renting the Bunny Room, my other listing,  and I will make you a good deal on both rooms! NON- SMOKING SPACE ONLY. NON -SMOKERS ONLY. 1 VERY LARGE FRIENDLY DOG LIVES IN THE HOUSE WHO LOVES EVERYONE. YOU MUST BE COMPLEThis is a comfy basement studio apartment with a kitchen, dining area, and washer and drier in a friendly and quiet neighborhood.  It has a separate entrance and is not connected to the rest of the house.  Tom and Marina live upstairs with pets.   Studio apartment with kitchenette, 1 full-size bed, bath with walk-in shower, washer/drier, fully furnished.  Close to bus line, 5 miles south of downtown Seattle in Columbia City area.  Well-lit basement apartment, separate entrance, free street parking.  Close to markets, galleries, restaurants and parks.  This apartment is part of a family home, but has its own separate entrance with no connection to the rest of the house.  It has great natural lighting.  Small pets OK, but must be responsible for damage caused by pets.  No smoking in this home. The number 7 bus line goes directly into the heart of downtown, and there are stops just one and a half blocks from the apartment. It is an easy walk to Lake Washington and Seward Park, which has sRecently remodeled mid century home is squarely located in the heart of southern West Seattle, just a few minutes walk from shopping and a major West Seattle bus hub. Roomy and bright, it will very comfortably sleep five people. More pix coming soon! This is a clean, comfortable, safe and secure, and recently remodeled home. Living room with huge bay windows and skylight make for an exceptionally bright space! On the main level there are two bedrooms, each with full bathroom. There is also a study. The basement also has a bedroom with its own 1/2 bathroom. There is LOADS of space in the basement for storage. Kitchen is spacious with awesome gas range and HUGE fridge. Outdoor charcoal grill available upon request.  Guests will have access to the full house. There is one driveway parking space available (sorry, garage is off limits) and virtually unlimited street parking. My plan is to be traveling extensively during the listed dates. Unless there is some unforeseen overlap with travel dClean comfortable room, queen size memory foam bed, blackout shades, plus access to the rest of the house.  Well appointed bath with skylights, fully fenced and private back yard. Located in West Seattle, under 10 minutes to downtown or the airport. Walking distance to stores, restaurants, trails. Wifi. Pets welcome You can bring your pets, under 10 minutes to downtown by car. Express bus service downtown and to/from airport every half hour. Plenty of restaurants and stores, 5 minutes to the beach and Vashon Ferry, Nightlife, Green Day's 'American Idiot' stage production showing daily, many miles of hiking trails in walking distance Large gourmet kitchen, comfortable living room, huge backyard with propane heater and bbq. Plenty of free parking. Not there very much Plenty of restaurants and stores, 5 minutes to the beach and Vashon Ferry, Nightlife, Green Day's 'American Idiot' stage production showing daily, many miles of hiking trails in walking distance Just a few steps to metro busPrivate bed and bath! Room features wonderful amenities: refrigerator, microwave, electric-kettle, WiFi, and television including 175 channels.  Enjoy easy access to Westwood Village and West Seattle's Alaska Junction (home of Easy Street Records). Just 15-30 minutes from downtown Seattle via car/bus and 15 minutes from SeaTac Airport. This space was designed to give you maximum comfort by supplying you with everything you might need or want when away from your own home.  We hope you'll feel as comfortable here as you do in your own home! Room Features: WiFi Mini Fridge Microwave Electric Water Kettle Hair Dryer Iron XBox with hundred of movies to choose from  Roku with access to Netflix 32" flat screen Satellite TV +175 channels You will have access to the main entry, your own bedroom, walk-in closet, and private bathroom. When we are home and available, we are happy to help our guests with anything they might need. We are LGBTQ friendly! Our neighborhood offers many amenities includiI designed and built this tiny house to be a cozy place to call home. I am renting it out as a bed and breakfast so that people who are interested in tiny living can experience it first hand. #deaffriendly Se habla español Je parle français I designed and built this tiny house on wheels. Inside I have a loft bedroom with a full size bed and a skylight, closet and side tables, a laundry shoot, downstairs (yes I have actual stairs, they also light up for night time bathroom jaunts) I have a full size guest bed, dining table with two skylights above it, couch space for four to six people, a washer and dryer, a fireplace, a desk, a kitchen with seven feet of counter space, pantry space, a convection oven and microwave, two burners, a hammered copper sink, a full size refrigerator, a full bathroom, more storage than I can fill and well over a hundred books! ******IMPORTANT MESSAGE FOR TINY HOUSERS****** Please do NOT send me reservation requests to get info about tiny houses. I cannot shareEnjoy the-lower level of our home a great living space with flat screen, beautiful walk in shower, full washer dryer, kitchen-ette and a comfy queen bed. We are on bus-line to downtown and a quick walk to Westwood for Starbucks, restaurants and shopping. You'll feel at home! Enjoy the-lower level of our home a great living space with flat screen, beautiful walk in shower, full washer dryer, kitchen-ette and a comfy queen bed. We are on bus-line to downtown and a quick walk to Westwood for Starbucks, restaurants and shopping. You'll feel at home! We are located right on the 22 bus-line going to the West Seattle junction and downtown.  Two blocks away is Southwest Athletic complex with running track and tennis courts.   During your stay you are welcome to use the big 4 person spa on the lower level patio and you'll love the beautiful shower and bathroom.  Stretch out on the comfy sofa and watch TV or one of the many dvds.   Hello we are happy to have you stay with us!  We are also home tThis uncluttered 800 sqft studio has a private entrance, full bathroom and full kitchen. Comfortably accommodates two with a queen bed, two more on the pull-out sofa. Great proximity to stores, bars/restaurants, bus lines, and Vashon Island ferry. This fun, spacious, and private studio has views of the Olympic Mountains, access to a shared patio, and full kitchen/laundry facilities. Please enter the studio by walking around the north side of the house and proceeding down the path to your private entrance at the back door. Please note that there is a slight slope to the path down to the private entrance, which may be difficult for elderly or disabled guests to access. The hosts live upstairs and may be available in the evenings to help you during your stay. You may run into them in the garden/patio area as they continue to improve the garden and water the plants! The Westwood Village neighborhood of West Seattle is 1.5 miles from the shores of the Puget Sound. A full-sized grocery storeComfy bedroom with queen sized bed in stylish West Seattle home. Close to shopping, public transit, and lots more! Room also has private full bathroom. Full access to kitchen, laundry, etc. included.  Comfy, spacious bedroom in clean, safe West Seattle home with own private bathroom. Kitchen, laundry, street parking. I will be in the house during rental period. Your bedroom is down the hall from mine. Privacy and comfort are of great importance for me and my guests, so these things will be given utmost consideration and respect. The house is located on the border of the up and coming White Center (which, incidentally, has some of the best Mexican and Vietnamese food in the city!) and the quietly residential Westwood neighborhoods. The house is a five minute walk from the Westwood shopping plaza, which has a QFC grocery store, Barnes and Noble, Target, and numerous other retailers and restaurants. The gorgeous Lincoln Park and speedy Vashon Island ferry are just a few minutes drive awayCute little private room in my unique west Seattle house. Very comfortable queen size memory foam bed. Full use of the whole house which includes, large bathroom with tub, living room, well appointed kitchen, and huge fenced, private back yard. Well behaved pets welcome. Very cool house in a quiet neighborhood. Plenty of space with a big , private backyard perfect for hanging out even on cold nights. Outdoor propane heater, fireplace, and gas grill. Bath, kitchen, living room, backyard, barbeque I have a small apartment apart from the house in the rear, so I'll be around and the guests can have any level of interaction they choose. The people are friendly and I never have to search for a parking place Express bus service from sea-tac airport and to downtown. Bus service is every half hour from the airport until 10 pm and takes about 35 minutes. Bus service to downtown goes every 15 minutes. Bus stop is only one small block from the house.The Cozy Studio is a perfect launchpad for your city getaway. Enjoy amenities such as WiFi, Queen sized bed, a mini-fridge, microwave, coffee maker, iron, hair dryer, and more. Close to bus lines that go into downtown and the airport. For more information, see below. Hello fellow travelers, Save some money and have a great time in Seattle! Rent this comfortable studio (private suite), furnished room with a queen bed, a 3/4 bathroom with large shower, a very basic kitchenette and a private entrance. This studio is on the first floor of my townhouse. The room faces east towards the street. The studio gets plenty of natural light and is furnished with noise reducing curtains and blinds that help reduce outside noise. The studio is also equipped with a noise machine. Free WiFi is available. Please feel free to ask questions, I look forward to hearing from you. Kind Regards, Maddy Note: The Viaduct has a few closures a year, but it should not effect your trip into Downtown or to other partsOur cozy one bedroom studio offers a private garden/deck and parking in beautiful, residential West Seattle. Full bath (tub/shower), and basic kitchenette (microwave, small refrigerator) with complementary coffee and tea. Catch an easy bus to downtown. Our cozy one bedroom studio offers a private garden/deck and parking in beautiful West Seattle. Full, spacious bath, and basic kitchen with complementary coffee and tea. Catch a bus to downtown or stroll to White Center for dinner or a drink. This attached studio has its own private entrance only 30' from the dedicated parking spot (no stairs).  The unit is completely self-contained and quiet.   Deck furniture, queen-sized bed, small eating table with chairs, reading chair, Wi-Fi, Kitchenette with just microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker, hot water maker, complimentary coffee and tea.  Full, spacious bathroom (hair dryer, iron and board, soap, shampoo) Large closet with shelving and dresser. We are available by email or text for anythiA comfortable, quiet, airy spot for those in Seattle for business, vacation, family trip, or respite. Easy and accessible to city life and urban nature! Our home is a 4 story townhouse, with many stairs to keep you in shape!  The guest room is the Master Suite, on the top floor, vaulted ceiling, with a full bathroom and walk-in closet. On it's own private designated floor, the large bedroom windows face West and the setting sun. The mattress and bedding are very high quality, ensuring a comfortable nights sleep. The bathroom includes environmentally friendly shampoo/conditioner, body/hand soap, cotton swabs, and towels. The large walk-in closet includes plenty of space to unpack suitcases for a comfortable, extended stay. From the home's entry-way, you walk up the first flight of stairs into the main living space. Here you will find a comfortable room to sit and enjoy a movie, read a book by the sunny window, cook and eat a meal, or enjoy a cup of tea in the outdoor garden space. GuestThis  is a 3 bed room 1 bath fully furnished one level home.  Home has laminate wood floors throughout and new tile in kitchen and bathroom.  Kitchen is furnished with glass table that seats 4. Has frigde, stove, dishwasher and basic kitchen items to be functional.  Full bathroom with tub/shower, supplied with all paper products, towels and minimal bathroom supplies for your stay. Washer and dryer off kitchen to back door/mud room area. Two of the bedrooms have one queen bed each with closets and one has a full bed with closet and are complete with linens/pillows/blankets. (can accommodate 6 people if beds are shared) Living room has light color leather couch, coffee table and matching side chair with ottoman .   Extra large fully fenced yard to relax or for sports activities.   Plenty of parking in long driveway leading directly up to back door of home. Close to Westwood Village shopping area which includes, QFC, Barnes & Noble, Starbucks, Target, Bank of America, 24 Hour Fitness, BigThis is a private room that has a scenic view of Lake Washington near the Burke Gilman Trail. Room as WiFi, Cable and private seating area and half kitchen.This lower-level  Mother in law apartment is one bedroom unit with separate entrance where comfortably sleeps 3 - 4 and is located in the Hawthorn hills neighborhood. Very quiet and residential neighborhood with access to some parks like Green Lake Park, Magnuson Park, Wedgwood playground and Bryant park. Easy access to major roadways makes touring the city very convenient,•PCC and Metropolitan market are located a few blocks from the apartment. Bus#71 express to downtown will take you in 30 min Cozy and simple with calming colors apartment for a comfortable stay away from home. We will be glad to help you finding any information you need. The apartment is located in a very quaint, quite neighborhood close to the UW, U Village, U district and several parks, lakes and Burke Gilman trail. Several markets for groceries.  A short ride in the bus will take you downtown for all your shopping. There is parking available on the street. The apartment is located a few blocks from Seattle ChildreTop Floor unit with soaring ceilings and huge living room windows overlooking Magnuson Park. 5 min from Children's Hospital and University of Washington Mefical Center campus. Beautifully furnished, decorated and equipped! Pool, park, bike and hiking trails to lake Amazing Location ! 15 min to Downtown Seattle. Private. Next to a pool I have Big Bad boy V8 Hummy 2 with all the bells and whistles! Seats 7 adults. Want to be impressive by clubs or friends? Make an offer  I'll drive you and your friends as long as you want if offer is reasonable. for outdoor lovers! Bus stop and everything possible is with in minutesEnjoy a relaxing private bedroom and bathroom in a fun and interesting neighborhood.  I have temporarily lowered the rate for the room due to the renovation being done around the unit.  I look forward to having you! Our over-sized cozy loft bedroom comes with an ultra comfortable queen size bed and plenty of closet space. It is located across the street from the beautiful and historic Magnuson Park on Lake Washington. Cable TV and Wi-Fi Internet, shared kitchen, and private bathroom. Easy access to bus line and 24 hour convenient store next door. I am usually in my room working or studying. I'm also a pretty good tour guide if you need some help finding fun things to do in Seattle : ) The neighborhood is safe and welcoming with beautiful views of Lake Washington and right along the Burke Gilman bike trail. We are located just a few steps from the bus line on Sandpoint way. Also, make sure you give me a all when you arrive. The unit can be tricky to find the first time. You can park in Hello! This is a spacious 4 bed / 2 bath home and with lots of space, perfect for groups visiting over the Christmas holiday.  We're a five minute drive from UW / Children's Hospital.  Wireless, washer, dyer, and free parking.Nestled in a quiet neighborhood of upscale homes, this newly furnished apartment is on the Burke-Gilman trail, one block from Magnuson Park on Lake Washington, near UW, Children's Hospital.  Gorgeously furnished and outfitted to enjoy the outdoors. This home is very comfortably furnished indoors, and outfitted to take advantage of the scenic Seattle landscape outdoors.  Four adirondack chairs, a fire pit, and marshmallow roasting sticks are available for use.  Firewood is provided seasonally when burning is permitted. Two cruiser bikes and Bell helmets in sizes S-M-L are also available for use. The apartment is set up for you to come and go as you please - you will receive a keycode for the front door prior to arrival. But if you need anything, I'm happy to help. You are welcome to enjoy full access to the apartment and the backyard area behind the apartment. I'm at your service, please let me know if you have any questions, or if I can make your stay more comfortable. View Ridge is a A 3 BD, 2 BA house in an excellent location in the View Ridge neighborhood, a rare dead-end street.  1 king, 2 queens, 1 double.  Open floor plan, a gracious kitchen is set up, with great lighting, convenient to UW & Children's hospitals. We took great pride remodeling out house to create an open and welcoming home with lots of natural and designed lighting.  We have great windows, french doors, with an open floor plan, but easy to retreat to bedrooms or the basement living area for privacy.  The basement is accessed via a spiral staircase. Family meals and hosting friends are important to us so, you will find a well stocked and designed kitchen with great appliances and an easy space to use.  All of our linens are organic cotton or bamboo, and we only use non-toxic cleaners.  Health is hugely important to us. The entire home.  We keep one basement shop area and the garage as our personal storage area. We have wonderful neighbors, one who will manage our home while we are away.  We havA comfortable room decorated with an appreciation for sprockets and the mechanical. Situated in a fun, quirky house in Seattle, this room is close the light rail and just minutes from downtown.  Access to TV, laundry and full kitchen. We have a great space filled with quirky decor, theatrical props, and curious items we've been collecting. Our location is great too. It's about 15 minutes from downtown by car but we are also only two blocks from the light rail station which means getting to the city on public transportation takes almost the same amount of time. Plus that makes it easy to get to and from the airport. This is a two story building and you have the run of the entire upstairs, which includes a spacious living room, full kitchen, full bath, and laundry. You can also use the back yard if you have a dog and want to play fetch or something (Just clean up after the dog please). You will have your own key so you can come and go, with a separate key for your room in so you can keepSpacious guest unit perfect for groups (6+ see upstairs room too). Private bath & kitchen; shared living-room (TV, CPU, Xbox/PS3), drum set & fireplace. Late arrivals ok. Lightrail to SeaTac (12 min), downtown (20 min) 5am - 12:30am. Hosts onsite. After renting long-term for many years, we've turned our guest floor into a bedouin sitting lounge and bedroom.  A comfortable double bed is at floor level, and endless cushions, rugs and blankets make the space accessible for a familiar group up to 6. (We have hosted documentary movie crews, bands, and other similar groups with great experiences). Guests will have their own separate kitchen (refrigerator/freezer, electric range stove and sink), bathroom (bathtub and shower), and access to our electronic drumset, guitars, media center (large screen TV, huge media library, PS3, Xbox, Netflix) and wood-burning fireplace. Guests may use laundry facilities and linens will be provided, as will pots, pans and needed dishes for making your own meals2 bedroom home in a residential location.  Remodeled kitchen, living room with a fireplace, hardwood floors, full sized bath, and nice yard and full circle greenery. Basement has great space for hobby work and laundry. Many household amenities. :)  2 bedroom home in a residential location.  Remodeled kitchen, living room with a fireplace, hardwood floors, full sized bath, and nice yard and full circle greenery. Basement has great space for hobby work and laundry. Many household amenities. :) Build a fire in or outdoors. Across street from  • tennis courts, soccer field, baseball field and elementary school  • Newly opened community center w/pool: (URL HIDDEN) Less than 5 minute walk to  • major bus lines • A Safeway w/ gas station, Saars, Rite Aid, etc. • Library • various middle eastern. Ethiopian & Mexican restaurants 10 minute walk to • light rail • Pritchard beach on Lake Washington  (URL HIDDEN)  • awesome bike trail 2 miles to Columbia City: (URL HIDDEN) 7 miles to downtown SeattBeautifully restored, open-concept home, located less than a block from Lake Washington.  A longer term rental for people wanting to truly feel "at home" in the city, with a large backyard, garden, tree swing, and even chickens, so you can start your morning with farm fresh eggs.  Features fully stocked kitchen, large office, and two full baths. While currently set to accommodate two adults and a young child, convertible to an "adult household" as needed, with one queen and one full size bed. We are renting our house while working abroad for a few months. So, our family (who lives in the neighborhood) will be chipping in to make sure you feel at home and have everything you need during your stay. We look forward to sharing our home with you! This is a fantastic, and pretty darn quiet, neighborhood with great beach access! Great access to Columbia City, or even more locally, a coffee shop and bar, within walking distance. The #7 bus is walking distance from the house, while the Othello 2 comfy bedrooms in a house that's out of the ordinary but not out of the way.  Adorned with theatrical props, art and oddities, our space is a fun place to  stay.  15 min from downtown Seattle by car or light rail.  Mobile office space & full bath. We have a great space filled with quirky decor, theatrical props, a few artistic nudes, museum pieces, Rochester the Badger, and other various and sundry curious items we've been collecting.   Our location is great too.   It's about 15 minutes from downtown by car but we are also only two blocks from the light rail station which means getting to the city on public transportation takes almost the same amount of time.  Plus that makes it easy to get to and from the airport. This is a two story building and you have the run of the entire upstairs, which includes a spacious living room, full kitchen, full bath, and laundry.  You can also use the back yard if you have a dog and want to play fetch or something (Just clean up after the dog please)The Hammer Manor is a beautiful Lake Washington waterfront home. The perfect destination for a private get away. Located on historic Pritchard Island, this is a perfect place to relax and have fun on the waters edge,  A warm cozy year round get away. Luxury three bedroom three bath home with spectacular views of Lake Washington. Entire house excluding the basement and one small office space that is locked off. Main house (not including basement), backyard, front yard, lake, hot tub  and dock access. Smaller cottage down by the lake not included. Owners of the property may be staying in the basement apartment  or the Guest Cottage.  The yards are shared spaces. The Hammer Manor is located the center of Pritchard Island Community, a private and quiet neighborhood in South Seattle. Only 20 minutes away from downtown Seattle. Close to the Light Rail, a street car that goes directly downtown. Both 405 and 5 freeways are close by as well.Clean, quiet, fully equipped, 700 square foot one bedroom apartment in Seward Park/Rainier Beach/Renton neighborhood of Seattle. Self-contained apartment, separate entrance, washer/dryer and outdoor patio.  Modern and clean, next to waterfront park. The apartment is quiet and private with one bedroom and bathroom, queen size bed, leather couch and plenty of on-street parking.  Great outside space, large table and chairs for entertaining guests on an outdoor patio. This is a fully furnished apartment with private entrance.  Washer, Dryer, large TV and wi-fi, and cable along with a fully equipped kitchen are all readily accessible to our guests.   We live in the house so look forward to welcoming you to Seattle and getting you situated for a short or long stay.   We live at the end of dead end street that abuts a City park called "Pritchard Beach Park."  You can walk out your front door and be at the waterfront in two minutes!  Your apartment is quiet with an outdoor space all your own. Welcome! If you stay here you will be living in a light filled two bedroom upper and ground level apartment (in a two apartment home). During your stay you will be welcome to share in our fresh eggs from the chickens and garden produce in season! Welcome!  Come enjoy your time in Seattle at a lovely urban farmstead.  There are two bedrooms each with a queen bed, full bath, living room and kitchen with wood floors throughout.  During your stay you will be welcome to eat fresh eggs from the chickens and possibly fruit/veggies from the garden if you are in luck!   We are family friendly and have a down to earth atmosphere.  There is a large covered back porch and grill for hanging out especially in summer and a treehouse for up in the trees hammock time! Walking distance to Othello Light Rail Station for easy access to downtown.  Also nearby is the fantastic Seward Park and the Kubota Gardens for outdoorsy loveliness.  New last year is out beautiful Rainier Beach indoor swimming pool compWelcome! Our house is a 2 bedroom 1 bathroom apartment in Rainier Beach one block from the light rail station 30 mins from downtown Seattle. My girlfriend and I are super chill and friendly and excited for your visit to Seattle. We are 420 friendly only thanks! Our spare bedroom is cozy and comfortable and retrofitted with a walk in closet and a recliner for any of you readers to relax in and enjoy during your visit. While we search for the best and most comfortable bunk beds to furnish the room with we are offering a brand new blow up mattress for our guests. We have fresh sheets and all of your toiletry needs for your stay with us! I am self employed so I am usually at home working on my tablet and can answer any and all questions about the city. My favorite spots usually include places with a good view and great happy hour prices that will knock your socks off! Speaking of socks, please feel free to make yourself at home and enjoy any of our shared living areas at your convenience. Our nice, comfortable, quiet, recently remodeled, and very well located. Very close to airport (12 min drive), 7 miles to downtown Seattle and stadiums, 8 miles to the famous Capitol Hill & Seattle University. Easy access to light rail (4 blocks) Please read the space description carefully: you are renting one private bedroom with one private full bathroom; we allow our guests to use the kitchen and living room area as well. Me (Heather) and Jorge will be at the house at the same time, but we always try to give our guests as much privacy and space as we can, to make your stay even more enjoyable. There are several marathons and triathlons at Seward Park, 1.5 miles from our house, also it is perfect for a run, swim, cycling, and short hike around the island. Heather is a licensed massage therapist and she offers massages if you would like one during your stay. Please let us know if you are interested in booking an appointment in advance. Heather offers relaxation, deep tissue, and sportThis room is perfect for friends or colleagues traveling together.  It features two (2) twin beds, closet,  a dresser and a comfortable sofa chair with ottoman.   Settle in, catch the bus just steps from your door and explore Seattle!Welcome to Seattle! We recently legalized recreational marijuana and that being said we offer a place where it's ok to enjoy your medicine while being conveniently located only 1 block from the light rail and 3 blocks to  Lake Washington, another good smoke spot with a view! It's a loveseat. Seattle is the friendliest and richest city in the country! I love where we live, it's super close to the light rail which makes it extremely easy to navigate to downtown or the airport in under 20 minutes. We live in the very southwest corner of of Lake Washington so we have lots of parks within walking distance including Kubota Gardens and waterfront park. Seattle is very liberal and artsy so if you like a city built on community and working togetherness you'll love our community and city! The couch is comfy and accommodating however if it's not big enough for you we also have a blowup mattress we can setup for you and your stay. Thanks for choosing us for your accommodation needs!  Side note: ThCozy guest room.  Near to light rail.  Tiki Cave Adjacent.This is an open air 20 x 10 treehouse platform with a queen size bed (with mosquito net).  You will share the main living spaces in the main house with the host and have access to all the fruits, veggies, and fresh chicken eggs grown on the property. Welcome!  Come enjoy your time in Seattle at a lovely urban farmstead.    This is a hidden from view open air treehouse platform on the back of a homestead property in an urban neighborhood of south seattle.  You will not have 4 walls here, though it is quite hidden in the trees, so please be adventurous (and able to safely climb up and down a ship's ladder).  The bed is lovely, fits two and there is a mosquito net as needed.  There is an outdoor living room set up and rain canopy in the treehouse as well.  In Fall/Winter of 201 5 we will be adding a cabin for extended season use so come back again if open air is not your thing (right now we will be closing after September).  You also will have full access to the living spaces of the main This is a fun funky home has a large outdoor space and is just 2 blocks from the light rail to the many cute neighborhoods around Seattle. Also, located in one of the most diverse neighborhood in the states gives you access to amazing cuisine.Join us for a spell at our comfortable and welcoming 'Southside Smallholding'.  You can look us up on the face for more pics and posts. Fresh eggs and garden produce in season available for breakfast.  Huge covered back porch to hang out on.  Convenient to light rail and buses to downtown and airport.  Please see our 'Urban Treehouse & Homestead' listing for more details!Guest room w/ private bath. Late arrivals ok. Lightrail to SeaTac (12 min), downtown (20 min) 5am - 12:30am. Free use of house / balcony. Perfect for couples. Groups, see also downstairs unit (listing "Bedouin Paradise with Kitchen"). Hosts onsite. Cozy guest room with queen bed, mirror, closet and desk perfect for overnight layovers. In about 30 minutes after getting off a plane you can be in our home, so the proximity to the airport has been a key feature for many of our guests. Guests will have the private bedroom and bathroom, linens and basics (shampoo etc). The bathroom has double sinks, a full bathtub and shower and we provide a hair dryer as well. We are long time veterans of Couchsurfing (ShannonAndBen), and are happy to interact with guests as much or little as you prefer. We are not always home, but when we are, it's our pleasure to share a meal, tea, stories and/or city recommendations with guests or to leave you to your own devices as you wish. We are around the corner froWelcome! If you stay here you will be living in a newly remodeled (May 1, 2015) apartment.  During your stay you will be welcome to eat fresh eggs from the chickens! Welcome! If you stay here you will be living in a newly remodeled daylight basement apartment (fully soundproofed).  The space has a separate entrance that opens directly into the back yard and outdoor living space.  There is a rather large bedroom with a queen bed, full bath and kitchen.  During your stay you will be welcome to eat fresh eggs from the chickens and possibly fruit/veggies from the garden if you are in luck!   We are family friendly and have a down to earth atmosphere.  There is a large covered back porch (pictured in photos but it is a now covered!).  Also in the works is a treehouse build happening in 2015 (the platform and deck have already been completed!). Walking distance to Othello Light Rail Station.  Also nearby is the fantastic Seward Park and the Kubota Gardens for outdoorsy loveliness.  New last Perfect for groups. 2 bedrooms, full bathrooms, and living rooms with fireplaces. Kitchen, balcony and patio. Lots of natural light, green area, and a friendly cat. Lightrail to SeaTac (12 min), Downtown (20 min). Late arrivals ok. Hosts onsite. Private home in the Rainier Beach neighborhood convenient to light rail (15 minutes to Sea-Tac airport, 20 minutes to Seattle sports stadiums, 30 minutes to downtown). Guests will have private access to downstairs "mother-in-law" unit with bedroom, full bathroom, living room and kitchen, as well as upstairs guest room and full bathroom.  Free access to upstairs kitchen and living room area as well, but shared with hosts. Hosts are on site in a third bedroom and are happy to chat and swap stories or let you enjoy your own space in the house. Safeway grocery store within walking distance.  Kubota Japanese Garden and parks with beach also walk-able. Community center with pool and summer concerts. Five minutes walk to lightrail and bus stops. Uber A comfortable room decorated with an appreciation of the feminine.  Situated in a fun, quirky house in Seattle, this air conditioned room is close to the light rail and just minutes from downtown.  Access to TV, laundry and full kitchen. We have a great space filled with quirky decor, theatrical props, and curious items we've been collecting. Our location is great too. It's about 15 minutes from downtown by car but we are also only two blocks from the light rail station which means getting to the city on public transportation takes almost the same amount of time. Plus that makes it easy to get to and from the airport. This is a two story building and you have the run of the entire upstairs, which includes a spacious living room, full kitchen, full bath, and laundry. You can also use the back yard if you have a dog and want to play fetch or something (Just clean up after the dog please). You will have your own key so you can come and go, with a separate key for your room in so you can kThis clean, quiet and comfy full bedroom with an included breakfast is just 3 minutes walking distance to the south end of Lake Washington. Also, super convenient to the airport as well as one easy bus trip into the city center. Your room is up the stairs, 1st door on the left. It is furnished with a full bed, small fan and closet space with hangers. The bathroom is located on the main floor, at the end of the hallway adjacent to the kitchen. The towels are either in the closet to the left of the bathroom door or within the drawers in the bathroom itself.  There are 4 BNB rooms plus myself that share the bathroom. Please keep that in mind. Make sure that everyone gets a chance to use the restroom in the morning before you shower if possible. Also, turn on the window fan during and or after your shower to cut down on moisture buildup. Guests have access to kitchen, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, etc. Basically the entire home. Please refrain from buying and storing multiplOur spacious and modern home is located just off I-5 between the airport and downtown Seattle. We are blocks from Lake Washington, Seward Park and Kubota Japanese Gardens.  Public transportation is very accessible from our home. A stay with us will provide you with your own level of the house, however we may need access to the garage on the lower level. There is a main floor between our sleeping space and yours, giving you optimal privacy. You will enjoy a  spacious room equipped with a comfortable king size bed, coffee  pot, ironing board and iron, microwave and mini fridge/freezer. There is ample closet space and hangers are provided for suits, jackets or anything else.  Around the corner you'll find your own four piece bathroom stocked with shampoo, conditioner, body wash and bar soap.  You'll also be able to enjoy a large living area that includes a table for eating or working at and a large sectional couch. You will enter the home on the main floor and may enjoy our sitting area dWelcome to our humble abode!  Beautifully appointed room and bathroom. Approximately 10 minutes from the airport and on busline to downtown and the Light Rail.  Located near Lake Washington & Seward Park. Ask about our gourmet oven-to-table meals. We offer warm hospitality that stems from our Southern roots of Louisiana.  We offer gourmet meals to order from Creole Louisiana Gumbo to Fried Catfish with Red Beans & Rice.  We are very helpful in familiarizing you with our beautiful "Emerald City"  and it's many tourist attractions. Guest have access to kitchen, bathroom, living room, dining room and landscaped grounds/ patio.   While guest have their own private room, we will always be available for questions.  We often dine with visitors when they are available. The neighborhood has a lot to offer--to the east is the stunning Lake Washington (boat launch available), on a clear day you can see the snow capped Mount Rainier and then the lovely legendary Kubota Gardens is only a couple bloComfortable room and private bath in family home on quiet dead end street.  Relax on our deck with views of gardens and Lake Washington.  Visit downtown Seattle by bus, light rail, or car (convenient!). Close to SeaTac airport. Our craftsman house was built  in 1911 and has lots of character. The room is very spacious and quiet, but you are welcome to enjoy the rest of the house...living room, kitchen, deck, gardens. We have a small (hypoallergenic) dog and 3 chickens!  Lots of fun things in our neighbor--close to Seward Park for biking and walking, Kubota Gardens, and historic Columbia City with lots of great restaurants and music venues. Borrow our bikes and helmets to explore the neighborhood! Or just enjoy the best season in Seattle! When you arrive, we will give you lots of information about the house and how to get around in Seattle, and ideas of our favorite places. If your arrival time is convenient, we can pick you up at the Light Rail station near our house.  Upper Rainier BeCharming Modern Updated Craftsman House with large deck with sweeping unobstructed views of Downtown Seattle and Lake Washington. View from all 3 levels. Approximately 2200 sqft. 4 Beds 3 Baths with plenty of rooms for large party.          Approximately 2200 sqft of living area (4 bedroom and 3 baths) with Seattle city lights and lake Washington view from all 3 levels. 2 living rooms : formal and possible game room for the other. Dining area with fully equipped kitchen. Plenty of space of parking with backyard for the family. The layout : The main floor : kitchen, living, dinning area , bathroom and main deck. Large sofa (sleep 2). The upper/attic: 3 bedrooms (1 queen, 1 full, 1 single) with a bathroom. Lower level : master bed (1 king bed) and 2nd living area (full size futon) with the tv with 2nd level deck.  2 Airbed is available upon request. The guess will have access to the whole house, backyard and driveway for 2-3 cars.  Fully equipped kitchen with high end gas range, microwavRestored 1965 Oasis trailer, an easy and central pied-a-terre in Seattle. Trailer includes a dining  table with banquette seating, stove, ice box and two twin sized beds. Kitchen is stocked with essentials. Bathroom and shower in the main house.the price per night is per person.  One room has a TV and queen size bed.  The other room has a full size bed and no TV.   FREE WiFi! Home Security System, Heating, Nice Clean Bathrooms. Laundry Room with Washer and Dryer. 3 Cozy bedrooms available with A beautiful view of lake Washington from the large kitchen, heated tile flooring and heated towel holder.  We have professional house cleaners cleaning the house every Thursday.  No heavy drinking or drugs please. If your looking for a nice quiet place to hang out this is it. Anyone is welcome, Gay folks are a plus as I'm a lesbian. I also have an awesome deck with a view for relaxing and reading or eating delish food and wine. The yard is completely fenced in. There is plenty of parking in front of house. The house is located approximately 15 to 20 minutes from downtown. There is light rail close by. Light rail also travels from the airport and will take you to the city. There's a grocery store (Safeway) down the street. The neighborhoOur space is on a quiet dead-end street in South Seattle, very near to bus service and one mile from the Rainier Beach Light Rail station. This is a large, private daylight basement room with a queen bed, armoire for clothing storage, a breakfast room with water dispenser, e-kettle, toaster oven and small refrigerator.  Includes a private bathroom with tub and shower, and limited shared laundry facilities.  Entry is from the backyard which is easily accessible from the side of the house.This clean, quiet and cozy queen bedroom with an included breakfast is just minutes walking distance from the south end of Lake Washington. Also, super convenient to the airport as well as one quick bus ride into the city center. Your room is up the stairs, straight ahead once you reach the top. It is furnished with a queen bed, small fan and closet space with hangers. The bathroom is located on the main floor, at the end of the hallway adjacent to the kitchen. The towels are either in the closet to the left of the bathroom door or within the drawers in the bathroom itself.  There are 4 BNB rooms plus myself that share the bathroom. Please keep that in mind. Make sure that everyone gets a chance to use the restroom in the morning before you shower if possible. Also, turn on the window fan during and or after your shower to cut down on moisture buildup. Guests have access to kitchen, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, etc. Basically the entire home. Please refrain from buying Cozy bedroom w. adjacent bathroom on main floor 1954 bungalow in green belt. Groceries, coffee-shop, library + pool nearby, various restaurants + entertainment in hood + Columbia City. Easy access I-5, east side + Seatac airport. European charm in an American 1950's bungalow filled with art & lit + eclectic music. Located between Seatac and Seattle, close to Lake Washington and Kubota Gardens, access to the city by bus, Light-Rail, and by car via Interstate, or peaceful surface roads. Bedroom, bathroom, ltd. use of kitchen (sm. space in fridge), peaceful back-yard with shaded sitting areas and front yard for evening shade. We have another listing, "Euro Size Single in Colorful Bungalow", let us know if you want both rooms, we'll give you a quote. I'm an artist & writer and work from home. My husband and or I will be around to welcome you and answer questions about greater Seattle. We're fond of the Emerald City and love sharing what we know. You're welcome to our breakfast station: a cThis clean, quiet and comfy queen bedroom with an included breakfast is just minutes walking distance from the south end of Lake Washington. Also, super convenient to the airport as well as one easy bus trip into the city center. Your room is on the main floor, through the living room, first door on the the right within the hallway adjacent to the kitchen. It is furnished with a queen bed, small fan and closet space with hangers. The bathroom is located at the end of that same hallway adjacent to the kitchen. The towels are either in the closet to the left of the bathroom door or within the drawers in the bathroom itself.  There are 4 BNB rooms plus myself that share the bathroom. Please keep that in mind. Make sure that everyone gets a chance to use the restroom in the morning before you shower if possible. Also, turn on the window fan during and or after your shower to cut down on moisture buildup. Guests have access to kitchen, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, etc. Basic    Your comfortable room has a queen size bed and a separate cozy reading/study nook. Outside your bedroom door is a sitting area and bath.  Great location near airport with ample street parking and easy access to public transportation.    Our craftsman house is located on a dead-end street in a quiet residential neighborhood near Lake Washington.  Park your car in front of the house, or take the bus at the end of the street or Light Rail train to downtown Seattle. We have a great neighborhood cafe and many interesting restaurants and nightlife in nearby Columbia City neighborhood. You will have lots of privacy and quiet in the upstairs of the house, with bath and sitting area.  You are welcome to use the kitchen or relax on the deck on warm days. If you have a car, you can park it in front of the house.  We will arrange to meet with you and give you lots of information on places to go and how to get there.  If we are out of town, we'll arrange to have someone else be your "host" to mThis clean, quiet and cozy queen bedroom with an included breakfast is just minutes walking distance to the south end of Lake Washington. Also, super convenient to the airport as well as one easy bus trip into the city center. Your room is up the stairs, 1st door on the right. It is furnished with a queen bed, small fan and closet space with hangers. The bathroom is located on the main floor, at the end of the hallway adjacent to the kitchen. The towels are either in the closet to the left of the bathroom door or within the drawers in the bathroom itself.  There are 4 BNB rooms plus myself that share the bathroom. Please keep that in mind. Make sure that everyone gets a chance to use the restroom in the morning before you shower if possible. Also, turn on the window fan during and or after your shower to cut down on moisture buildup. Guests have access to kitchen, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, etc. Basically the entire home. Please refrain from buying and storing multiplComfy room w. 6'6" x 3' bed, adjacent bathroom on main floor 1954 bungalow in green belt. Groceries, coffee-shop, library + pool nearby, restaurants + entertainment in hood + Columbia City. Easy access I-5, east side + Seatac airport. European charm in an American 1950's bungalow filled with art & lit + eclectic music. Located between Seatac and Seattle, close to Lake Washington and Kubota Gardens, you have easy access to the city by bus, Light-Rail, and by car via Interstate, or peaceful surface roads. Bedroom, bathroom, welcome to use the peaceful back-yard with shaded sitting areas and front yard for evening shade. We have another listing, "Comfi Bed With View of Pine Tree in Seattle", let us know if you want both rooms, we'll give you a quote. I'm an artist & writer and work from home. My husband and or I will be around to welcome you and answer questions about greater Seattle. We're fond of Seattle and have traveled extensively in Washington State and are happy to share what we knCharming Remodeled Craftsman House with large deck with sweeping unobstructed views of Downtown Seattle and Lake Washington.  The listing is for one of private room. A room with private bath is available. You can also rent more rooms in needed.Lovely, comfortably furnished one bedroom apartment in lower level of single family home tucked in quiet neighborhood. Lake view. Private entrance and yard. 9 miles to airport, 10 miles to downtown, 1.8 miles to light rail, 2 blocks to woods/trail. This space is designed for comfort, beauty and cleanliness. Beautiful colors, original art as well as peace and quiet add up to a classic Seattle experience of relaxed elegance! Guests have access to entire apartment. No access to house. If you need something, call or text me! Lakeridge Park, a forest with old growth trees and a trail that follows a stream is 2 blocks from the apartment. It is home to much wildlife, including bald eagles, owls and woodpeckers Light rail station 1.8 miles away. We recommend having car. Kitchen: Everything you need to cook and serve a meal (except food!) Bathroom: Fluffy cotton towels and hair dryer Bedroom: Cotton satine sheets (let me know if you'd prefer cotton flannel), big down comforter and blanketsOur beautiful home is convienent to the city but feels like the country. Newly remodeled room, loft ceiling, can be completely private or open to the dining room. Private entrance and shower. Bus access to light rail and easy walk to Kubota Gardens. You will have a private room on the Main floor of our beautiful 100+ year-old house with a separate back entrance directly into your room, private shower and deck. Sit on the back deck for some privacy or the front deck for a view of the lake. Room has Queen bed, Microwave and Mini-Fridge. Propane BBQ available for that fish you bought at the market. Other amenities: * chaise lounge chair * dresser * towels * bed linens * hair dryer  * Coffee * Shampoo and Conditioner and Soap * Netflix available if you have a device to play it.  * Alarm clock with universal phone charger. IMPORTANT: If you are wondering about commute times, please research and keep in mind that Light Rail is usually easiest and fastest public transit option and the 106 busOur cozy bedroom has it's own entrance & bathroom with shower. We're in the heart of Columbia City & close to great coffee, bars, restaurants, a farmer's market, a lake, & more! We're very near the Light Rail, with easy downtown or airport access. Cozy private bedroom in a modern three story townhome in the heart of the Columbia City neighborhood. The bedroom fits two people (full size bed) and has it's own attached bathroom. Just outside is our small garden with fresh herbs and a BBQ-  it gets lots of afternoon sun and is a great spot for morning coffee or an evening cocktail. The second floor has a shared kitchen and dining area as well as a comfortable and spacious living room (with WiFi and basic TV). Guests have access to downstairs private bedroom and bath, outside patio and garden, and the kitchen and living room on the main floor. The top floor of our home is kept as our private living space. We are two busy and active individuals. When we aren't working we are usually found ou-Close to light rail station (5mins walk): easy access to downtown and airport  -Private bedroom w/ own bathroom -New house & very clean room -Quite & walkable neighborhood -Free street parking in front of house -Self checkin available (it's fine if you arrive late at night) -Within car2go zone Please see pictures. ***Please COMPLETE YOUR OFFLINE ID VERIFICATION through Airbnb prior to your arrival. This gives us some peace of mind opening up our nest.  For verification, you just need to upload a picture of an official ID and answer a few questions. If you need instruction, see the link below.  It would be helpful to set it up anyway as most of the host look for verified guests. Also, after your stay with us, we will make sure we write a review for you and that will help with future booking. https://www.airbnb.com/support/article/450 The private bedroom with its own private bathroom. Columbia city light rail station is the closest light rail station (~7mins walk) We are young couple anOur beautiful comfortable Craftsman home is within walking distance of Lake Washington and offers  great views of Elliot Bay and the sunset.  Easy access to transportation, Capitol Hill and charming Mount Baker district.  Beautiful dog friendly family home with great views. wlak to Lake Washington or Seward Park. Easy access to downtown via car or light rail.  House includes: -1 master bedroom with king bed equipped with memory foam mattress and a beautiful private bathroom with claw foot tub and large shower.   -1 guest bedroom in basement with two twin beds and full bathroom. -Main floor includes guest bath, a state of the art kitchen with counter and dining room table seating, large screen cable tv  -Also includes front and back porch, small yard with gas grill and plenty of on-street parking.   Email preferred.  Mount Baker is a neighborhood in southeast Seattle. The neighborhood's name comes from the view of Mount Baker in Whatcom County, that is seen by looking north over Lake Wa1BR, 1BA suite with living room, conveniently located in the Columbia City neighborhood.  Light rail station (access to downtown and airport), library, movie theater, and sweet business district all within 10 min walk. Shared kitchen w/ great family! Guests will enjoy privacy and space to spread out in our daylight basement suite.  One or 2 people can comfortably stay in the bedroom and living room, and we have an inflatable twin mattress that can accommodate a 3rd person. We also have a travel crib for babies or toddlers that can be set up in the bedroom or living room. Guests will have a private entrance that leads to a private living room, bedroom, and bathroom.  Kitchen is shared, and is accessible through a stairway inside the house.  Our bedroom, bathroom, upstairs living room, and nursery are off limits, as well as the storage area which is screened off downstairs. Since this is our home, we would welcome meals and other daily interaction with guests, but would like to leave it This great neighborhood may not be the most bustling, but it's a short bus or uber ride away from downtown!  There is tons of information on my page detailing exactly what to expect. Read on through! I am in the initial stages of renovating/painting/buying new furniture, so it looks a little bare, I know! Also, the carpet in the room is a little spotty, but I'm about to have it cleaned in the fall.  This is a small bedroom on the third floor of my house. There are two flights of stairs. It has the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on. It sleeps two in the queen-sized bed. Please read through my entire page, as it provides many details and important information! You have access to a very well stocked kitchen (I have almost every appliance/utensil known to man except for a COFFEE MACHINE), shared bathroom (I usually use the downstairs bathroom and shower at the gym though), dryer if you're a longer term guest, WIFI, Roku, big TV, Netflix, chrome cast, lots of DVDs, Wii, etc. I interacOur eco-townhome is a fresh, bright, and modern place to relax in South Seattle. Situated in Columbia City, you'll find diverse food and a bit of small-town feel only a short drive from downtown, Cap Hill, Seward Park, and Lake Washington.  We have loved hosting through Airbnb and meeting new friends almost as much as we love our home. Whether it's 1 or 2, we want to make you feel comfortable in your home away from home. If I could condense what's awesome about this listing into three things?  *Great lighting (seriously beautiful windows) *Fabulous neighborhood (CC offers a unique experience and is a rare gem in Seattle.) *Tons of suggestions (We love to explore our city, and we know lots of places to go, things to see, and especially places to eat!) You will have a private room and full bath to yourself on the 2nd floor. And, the living and dining spaces as well as the kitchen and courtyard on the main level are free for you to use! Although we like to be out and about in the city or Quick & easy connection from Sea-Tac via the Link Light Rail. Come enjoy a stay at our place in Columbia City! Enjoy bakery treats at Columbia City Bakery & delicious eats at Geraldine's Counter, Tutta Bella Pizzeria, & Salted Sea Raw Bar. We welcome visitors to Seattle and are able to help with trip planning, restaurant & sight-seeing recommendations. Close to the Link Light Rail (Columbia City  station is 3 blocks away) as well as local buses including the 7, 8, & 9 routes.Our bedroom with attached bathroom is right off the main entrance for added privacy.  We have a nature inspired home a 15 min walk from the Light Rail and Seward Park. We have two small kids and pets (dogs + cats) that may greet you on your arrival. Although this is a private room in a shared house, you will feel very separated from the business of the house. You can come and go with privacy, as the guest room is right off the main entrance. It feels like a bed and breakfast space in a shared house:) The guests can have access to storage in the front room, refrigerator and kitchen. They can also use the kitchen for food prep and cooking. There is wireless internet access available as well. There are many sitting areas in the front and backyards that are peaceful and free to use.  There is plenty of parking as well. As much as they'd like. We have really enjoyed learning about our guests and their travels. 98118 was recently rated by the US Census as one of the most diverse zip codes inOur contemporary hotel room style studio is located in the heart of Seattle's Columbia City neighborhood. It comfortably sleeps two and is only a block from great restaurants, shops and entertainment. It's a great place to start your stay in Seattle! Our contemporary hotel room style studio is located in the heart of the Columbia City neighborhood. It comfortably sleeps two and is only a block from great restaurants, shops and entertainment. It's a great place to start your stay in Seattle! We designed the space with the Airbnb traveler in mind, so it will quickly become your home away from home. This is a completely separate 250 sq. ft. studio that sits behind the main house. It's modeled after a contemporary hotel room and loft studio with its modern design, high ceiling, contemporary finishes, and lots of natural light. Inside you'll find a queen bed with fluffy pillows and blankets, butcher block counters and desk, ceiling fan, microwave, flat screen TV, WiFi, and a Keurig beverageWe have a cozy studio space located in a private yard. The cottage is separated from our house and contains a connected living space, kitchenette and bathroom. There's a covered porch with table and chairs for outside dining. Good size yard, and close to lots of parks. Good access to public transportation, and off-street parking if you're driving. The cottage has a queen bed. The kitchenette has a small fridge, a two burner counter stovetop, microwave, a coffee maker (regular and french press) and a toaster. Bathroom includes a shower. Please have an Airbnb profile and tell us a little about yourself and why you are visiting! Our family loves offering  a comfortable affordable space to travelers, but we'd like to know a little bit about who's staying at our home! We're welcome and accommodating, but since you are choosing a separated, private space we will assume you are doing your own thing! We are available for any questions or help that you need. Downtown Columbia City has everythinRelax and enjoy the privacy of your own Seattle garden cottage with easy access to Downtown Seattle. Your host Julie is welcoming and full of all of the Seattle expertise and tips you will need to have a fantastic getaway. Welcome! Relax and enjoy the privacy of your own Seattle garden cottage with easy access to Downtown Seattle. Your getaway cottage is centrally located just 18 minutes from SeaTac airport and downtown Seattle - and now you can ride the new Light Rail! Walk 5 minutes to vibrant and historic Columbia City with loads of great restaurants, a fantastic natural foods grocery, cafe and deli called the PCC, art galleries, cinema, live theater, and a historic library. Search for Columbia City in NY Times for a helpful travel review. Your accommodations include a bright cozy cottage, supremely comfortable Queen sized bed, sky lights, 3/4 bathroom, ceiling fan, gas fireplace, wet bar kitchen, a complimentary fruit bowl and tea, WIFI, and French doors overlooking a private gardeThe CC Treehouse is convenient, accessible and a perfect base for your stay in Seattle. It rests under a large pine in a quiet neighborhood near Lake Washington and historic Columbia City. There is parking and an apratment with all the amenities. Convenient to downtown Seattle and Sea-Tac airport via Link Light Rail Transit, the new, fully furnished, light filled one bedroom apartment in a single family house will delight you. The second floor apartment is a "loft in the trees" with a view deck of Lake Washington on a quiet block with off street parking. Located in the popular Columbia City neighborhood, the apartment is walking distance to restaurants, bookstore, art gallery, shopping, local nightly music (Royal Room), organic grocery store, parks, trails ad Lake Washington. It is a Light Rail ride away from stadiums for Sounders soccer, Seahawks football and Mariners baseball, as well as Seattle seasonal celebrations-Sea-fair Hydroplane races and Danskin Triathlon. The apartment is eBeautiful studio unit in Hillman City; featuring wood flooring, exposed brick, a full bath and kitchen. Hillman City is close to public transportation and SE Seattle convenient to most anything you want to do!  One parking space is available. Beautiful studio unit with full bathroom and kitchen available in SE Seattle two story multi-use building.  One parking space, internet, cable and great outdoor activity options near Lake Washington and Columbia City.  Long time resident serves as (website hidden)/tour and car services available. Guest has access to second story full studio unit.  There is a common entry to the building and two other private units on the second floor. I generally meet guests to deliver keys, but other arrangements are possible.  The unit must be cleaned during stays longer than one week. I love SE Seattle and in particular Rainier Valley where I've lived most of my life.  There is great diversity of people, outdoor experiences, growth and change occuring. Yes, busThis two bedroom apartment is in the heart of Columbia City, a super-cool, historic business district. The house is 2.5 blocks from the light rail station.  Light Rail takes you directly to/from the airport or downtown Seattle in minutes. The apartment is a fully furnished two bedroom lower level of a duplex.  Floors are Pergo and carpet.  There is a W/D, dishwasher, disposal and it  looks out onto the park-like setting of a retired-school playground.  It is important to note that the space is small for a two-bedroom; a little less than 700 sq ft.  As such, while most groups of 6 have found the space to work well for them, some guests have commented that they feel it is a bit small for more than four full-sized adults.  Please use your own discretion and knowledge about how much personal space your group members require.    There are 2 beds, one double and one queen and a fold-out sofa. Included are wi-fi internet, off-street parking and a storage shed for sporting equipment, etc. The Private, light filled daylight basement apartment in the heart of historic Columbia City, Seattle. Accommodates 3 people, but perfect for a couple.  *New carpet & fresh paint in the bedroom as of 11/14 *Black-out shade for the bedroom added 8/15 Light filled daylight basement apartment in the heart of Columbia City, Seattle. Accommodates 3 people, but perfect for a couple or single person. **Dog & Cat friendly home. Pets are welcome with an additional fee ($20 flat fee per pet). If booking with a pet please let us know in your request so we can add the fee to your total.** A few things of note about the apartment: The ceiling height is 6' 5"or slightly more in some areas and the floor slopes a bit in the living room area. There are stairs down into the apartment, people with mobility issues may have trouble accessing the space. Apartment includes:  - Bedroom with Queen size bed & dresser - 3/4 bathroom - Kitchen with stove, refrigerator, coffee maker & microwave (no oven) - Dishes, ute3 blocks away from the Columbia City light rail station, your convenient access to a 15 min ride to downtown and 20 min ride to the airport; 15 minutes walk to the vibrant Columbia City strip. Price is negotiable in exchange for garden/pet care help! Unique "Built Green" certified home built in 2013 by Martha Rose.  Built with sustainability, great indoor air quality, and lots of natural light in mind.   I also keep a shelf for you stocked with free coffee and tea as well.  I don't eat breakfast at home, so I don't have breakfast foods!  But you are free to bring your own snacks and have more than enough area in the fridge and pantry to store things. The room you will be staying has a very comfortable extra firm queen size bed, a small dresser, and a mini walk-in closet, with a shelf perfect for pulling out luggage. My roommate and I try to keep the house pretty clean throughout the week, clean really good about every 2 weeks, and in between guests, and we'd appreciate the same amount A charming space with neighborhood amenities at your doorstep.  Close proximity to Seattle's light rail, forested walking trails, a brand new PCC Natural Market, all in the heart of Seattle's most diverse neighborhood. Just 4 miles from the heart of Seattle, this is a unique, cozy natural oasis in urban Seattle with its own private entrance. Easy access to downtown Seattle and the airport via the Link Light Rail just one block away. Rental includes: Bedroom: full-sized bed in cool, dark room makes for a night of deep sleep  Kitchenette: complete with microwave, refrigerator, oven/stove top, and basic cooking supplies;  3/4 Bathroom: stand up shower and toilet  Note: This is a basement unit with low ceilings, so it could be uncomfortable for a tall person. Shared Backyard amenities include: gas grill BBQ  herb and edibles garden  14' fully enclosed trampoline  numerous seating options  play house  fire pit  tree swing tree house chickens in enclosed chicken run *fresh linens/towels suppNewly painted and remodeled home just 3 blocks from the commercial core of Columbia City makes for a fun yet relaxing location to enjoy what Seattle has to offer. 5 blocks to the Link Light Rail for easy transport to and from the airport or downtown We have two bedrooms, each with a firm, high-quality queen bed. A third bedroom is used as an office space. If requested, we can provide a full-sized inflatable mattress to sleep two more people. Our kitchen has all new Samsung appliances and is well-stocked for cooking. Dining table expands to accommodate up to 8. Washer/dryer in the basement. Back porch has propane BBQ and patio furniture. Large yard, quiet neighbors, sunny windows. Half-bath off the master bedroom. Full bath on the main floor. Second full-bath is in the basement. As our guest you will have access to the entire home except a few area we use to store our stuff. We will be available by phone, text, and email to answer any questions. Columbia City is a fast-growing Seattle nEntire split level got new wood flooring recently  installedIt has 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 car garage. It's location is great for sport fans, cruise ship travelers, Chinatown goers and guest who have a interest in neighborhoods with character.CLOSE to it ALL.  No shortage of restaurants,cafes,& shops here!! This 1600 SQ. FT. Urban Split Level Home w/2 car garage is ALL yours! Just installed new flooring.  3 bedrooms (SLEEPS 10), 2 full baths, 2 car garage & Laundry Room. WIFI. & Basic Cable TV is complimentary.   **Upper floor  Room# 1. Consists with 1 Queen bed. 1 full bed Room #2. Consists with 1 Queen bed **Lower floor Room #3. MasterSuite-  Consists with 2 Queen beds. own bathroom for your privacy Washer dryer available for use, so please bring your own detergent.  2 car garage private parking space to enter home.  **********Max Occupancy: 10**********  **********Pet Policy: No Pets***********  ********** Complimentary Starter - couple rolls of toilet paper,  napkins, laundry deThis 1909 home is full of charm (890sf) is well laid out & would be a lovely place to call home while you are in town. The front bedroom receives  lots of light & has a queen bed; the smaller bedroom has a double bed. Free on-street parking.Incredible 3 bed, 2.5 bath full home located in the lush Cheasty Greenspace. About 0.4 mile from Mt Baker Light Rail Station, providing easy access to SeaTac Airport, Downtown, Stadiums & more. A forested oasis in the big city! This is an incredible home that you won't want to leave. Located in the Cheasty Greenspace; a forested oasis in the big city. All bedrooms are on the top floor. Master bedroom (bedroom #1) has a king-size bed, connected master bath with large jetted tub & separate standing shower; also attached to a large walk-in closet. The deck pictured is connected to the master bedroom. Bedroom #2 has a queen-sized murphy bed. Bedroom #3 has a 3-person bunk bed (twin on top, full on bottom plus trundle bed). Another full bath is located next to bedrooms 2 & 3. Washer & dryer are also upstairs. Main floor features comfortable living room, formal dining room and large kitchen with a gas stove (oven is electric). The couch in the living room is a pull-out queen bed. Please sendSurrounded by trees, but just a short walk from the light rail, our home is a restorative getaway in the middle of the city! A 5 min walk to the Mt Baker light rail station with a 10 minute train ride and you'll find yourself in downtown Seattle. We have an outdoor deck to grill fresh fish you've picked up at Pike Place Market. Take mornings slow and sip your coffee on our covered porch. You can also walk, über or drive 1 mile to the beautiful, expansive Lake Washington. Sanctuary in the city! Surrounded by woods, but just a 10 min walk to Mt. Baker light rail station. 2 bed and 2 baths, a cozy wood burning stove, covered front porch, farmhouse sink, and claw foot tub.  You're in the city but surrounded by woods, a chicken coop, and greenhouse! You have access to the whole house. Our property manger will be your main point of contact. Great walking trail right outside the door, your minutes from expansive Lake Washington where you can swim, bike, walk, or just lounge and read. JeffersoOur clean, comfortable, one bedroom apartment is located in historical Columbia City which offers shopping, bars, movie theatre, jazz club & many ethnic restaurants.  We're within walking distance to bus, light rail & beautiful Lake Washington! Our apartment is equipped with a full kitchen, 3/4 bath, living room (complete with flat screen TV/ DVD player),  spacious bedroom with a king size bed (organic cotton memory foam). The apartment has all the amenities to make your stay comfortable. Separate entrance Coded lock system (no key needed) Off street parking space Free Wi/Fi Full kitchen (microwave, toaster, stove, oven, refrigerator/freezer, pots and pans & cooking/serving utensils)  French coffee press (coffee/tea provided) Bathroom equipped w/ basic toiletries & hair dryer Flat screen TV/DVD player DVD library Iron/ironing board Washer and dryer access (for extended stays)   We love meeting new people and are happy to answer any questions and help you navigate Seattle, but want you Well lit, inspiring room in newly built “city cabin" home. Energy-efficient, comfortable, modern, and cozy. Less than 10 minute walk to the Columbia City light-rail station, take it to the airport or downtown (just a 10 minute ride). Well lit, inspiring room in newly built “city cabin" home. Energy-efficient, comfortable, modern, and cozy. The room has a pine floor, wood beamed ceilings, led lighting and a cheerful view. Less than 10 minute walk from the Columbia City light-rail station, take it to the airport or downtown (10 minute ride). I just bought the house. It is clean, fresh, and new. I love the cabin-like modern feeling - a mixture of city and country. There are three floors. Two bedrooms on the 2nd floor share one bathroom. And there's a  powder room on the first floor. The furniture in the photos is not there anymore, and the new furniture looks fabulous. The house is a 6 block walk to the Columbia City light rail station. The light rail goes to the airport and into downtownThis cozy, rustic rental is tucked away just blocks from the heart of Columbia City, one of Seattle's up-and-coming neighborhoods featuring great new coffee shops, bars, restaurants, and shops. This cozy, rustic rental is tucked away just blocks from the heart of Columbia City, one of Seattle's up-and-coming neighborhoods featuring great new coffee shops, bars, restaurants, and shops.  The home is completely private and the guests will not be disturbed for the duration of the stay. Hillman City and Columbia City are both up-and-coming Seattle neighborhoods, with great new places popping up all the time. If your trip brings you into town on a Wednesday, be sure to take a stroll down to the wonderful Columbia City Farmers Market. Below are a few local favorites: Dining: Columbia City Ale House La Medusa Island Soul Flying Squirrel Pizza Co. Full Tilt Ice Cream The Spice Room Geraldine's Counter Tutta Bella Neapolitan Pizzeria Columbia City Bakery  Rookies Sports Bar & Grill Drinks: Tin UColumbia City Private room* located on the main floor of the house.  Our Inviting 100 year old farm house is tucked away up a private lane but located minutes from downtown Seattle. An old sliding barn door offers cozy privacy in this simple, elegant room.    The room has a comfortable queen size convertible day bed with firm mattress and high thread count sheets for maximum comfort.  There are several outlets in the room, a small bedside table and wall hooks for hangables.  Bath towels and washcloth provided. Kitchen, living room and secret garden space are available for you to enjoy.  At this time kitchen use is limited to hot drinks and foods that do not require cooking or prep but,  when I cook something good expect me to offer it to you! Currently the home is occupied by 2 adults and my 6 year child.  We all love meeting people and will socialize as much or as little as you prefer.  Both adults in the household work out of the home. Columbia City is a diverse trendy neighborhood tBuilt this space with my own hands and the help of many others! Blessed Be! Paz e Amor! What we have here is a lovely small kitchen with a breakfast bar/social area. The bathroom is full of character with a limestone tub/shower. Open layout. :) 3 blocks from light rail station! 20 minutes from airport. 15 min from downtown. Renovated the space with my own hands and the help of good friends. labor of love. Currently in the process of making the space more awesome so... A bit of construction and such will be happening through September. Private bedroom Shared living room, kitchen, deck, garden full of edibles, and fire pit for evening enjoyment. I am here to help with anything you need as far as what to do around town, how to best get around, and many other things, just ask. I love that my neighborhood is consistently getting better. A 1 block street backed up to a green belt. This makes for an urban/ rural paradox feel. 1 block away is a major thoroughfare that leads to all the city hasEnjoy my 2 bedroom, 1 bath getaway in Columbia City. Has a master bedroom and guest room with closet space. A backyard with a grill and table and chairs.  Columbia City is a neighborhood with early Seattle history dating back to the early 1900s. Enjoy my 2 bedroom, 1 bath getaway in Columbia City. Has a master bedroom and guest room with closet space. A backyard with a grill and table and chairs.  Walking distance to light rail, local restaurants, Lake Washington, Genesee and Seward Park My home is a a quaint little place built in 1908 with an updated interior and amenities of a modern home.  Backyard, Grill, Deck with tables and chairs. Large refrigerator and freezer. Note that I do not washer and dryer availability but I can provide a laundry service if needed for longer stays.  All of my guests will have the home to themselves. If I do happen to stop by during a guests stay for any reason I will always be in contact first. Street parking is readily available without and day or time Private bedroom with ensuite bathroom in quiet neighborhood near vibrant Columbia City. Light rail is 4 blocks away and gets you downtown or to the airport in 20 minutes. Free street parking right out front. Hablo español. Brand new and ultra stylish (I think so!) 2 br / 2.5 bath town home. The BnB consists of one bedroom and the attached bathroom. Common areas are shared with me, the homeowner. Guests have full access to downstairs kitchen/living space and are free to prepare their own meals. You'll have your own key to come and go as you please. I became an AirBnB host so I could share this incredible city and its distinct neighborhoods with visitors.  I provide a getting around guide with transit tips, a restaurant/attractions list, and safety information. I will also help you plan your stay, whether that means getting in, choosing a hike, or planning a night out.  This is a residential neighborhood located a short drive from Columbia City, Georgetown, Seward Park, and West Seattle.Beautiful private room in a new modern home in the trendy Columbia City area of SE Seattle. Just few blocks from the light rail, restaurants and shops. Enjoy a natural latex matters, private bath, cable TV in room and WIFI. The home is a new designer home conveniently located near the historic Columbia City Neighborhood where guests can visit coffee shops, restaurants, bars, shops, a movie theater and live theater. It is three blocks from the light rail to get to downtown (just six miles) and to the airport (10 miles). I will provide coffee, tea for  you to make the first two days of your stay. I will also provide shampoo, conditioner, soap and a hair dryer.  The (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) street view is not accurate. The photos were taken a couple years ago before the homes in the neighborhood were complete. Guests have a private bedroom with double bed equipped with a comfortable latex mattress. There is a TV with internet access via  Roku and  can view Netflix and Amazon Prime in tMy home is in Hillman City, Columbia City's cooler cousin to the south.  Bars and restaurants a short walk away. Easy access to the airport and city center by rail or bus. This neighborhood is a great way to see the real, less touristy Seattle.  This is a private room with an adjacent bath.  it's a really light and airy basement with high ceilings -  and very cool when the weather is hot. Please be aware that access to this room is down a steep (but very stable) staircase.  If you have trouble negotiating stairs, this probably isn't the right place for you. Guests will have access to their room and bath of course, a great sitting area in the backyard/garden and use of kitchen to store food.  I do ask that guests not cook in the kitchen. I'll be coming and going during your stay - glad for a chat here and there and also glad to leave you to your privacy. Hillman City is in zip code 98118 - according to NPR, the most diverse zip code in the county.  People here are from all over the worlWell lit, inspiring room in newly built “city cabin" home. Energy-efficient, comfortable, modern, and cozy. Less than 10 minute walk to the Columbia City light-rail station, take it to the airport or downtown (just a 10 minute ride). Well lit, inspiring room in newly built “city cabin" home. Energy-efficient, comfortable, modern, and cozy. The room has a pine floor, wood beamed ceilings, led lighting and a cheerful view. Less than 10 minute walk from the Columbia City light-rail station, take it to the airport or downtown (10 minute ride). I just bought the house. It is clean, fresh, and new. I love the cabin-like modern feeling - a mixture of city and country. There are three floors. Two bedrooms on the 2nd floor share one bathroom. And there's a  powder room on the first floor. The furniture in the photos is not there anymore, it still looks fabulous. The house is a 6 block walk to the Columbia City light rail station. The light rail goes to the airport and into downtown (eventually Good News:  MIL apartment in a fenced garden space.  Bus lines, Light Rail, grocery store, banks, and restaurants within walking distance.  Free street parking. Easy access to downtown and the airport.  Not So Good News: 35 stairs to reach the apt! - 1,000 sf interior space - 3 bedrooms (one Queen, one Full, one twin foldout). The 3rd bedroom is small but has a closet, window and privacy door. - Living room Full Sofa Bed - 1 bath - Fireplace (wood provided Feb, Mar & Oct) - Stove, Refrigerator, Microwave, Coffeemaker, Teapot, Toaster - Complimentary coffee, tea, water, snacks - Spices, dishes, utensils, pots/pans - Wi-Fi, Cable - Towels and Linens - Pack and Play for Infants - Basic toiletries, hair dryer, Iron and board - Picnic table - Outdoor grill (charcoal, lighter fluid, and utensils provided) Before requesting a reservation, please: - Read the entire listing  - Note that 35 STAIRS LEAD TO THE APT - Review the Cancellation Policy - Read the House Rules - Have at least two VerificLocated in Seattle's sweet and trendy neighborhood of Columbia City. Walk to restaurants, cafes, the lightrail downtown or to the airport. The house is filled with art, very family friendly, spacious, comfortable and welcoming. We'd love to host you! Open concept home with two floors of comfortable living space where guests can also have privacy and space to spread out. The backyard is massive with a playground, fruit trees, blackberries, outdoor dining table and a grill. Our home is suitable for both adults looking for a great Seattle get-away with access to wonderful neighborhoods, dining, transportation - and for families with children (we have two children), so we offer all kiddo amenities like travel crib, bunk bed, high chair, toys, upon request. Upstairs has two bedrooms (one w/bunk beds best for kids, one w/new queen bed), downstairs has been completely renovated and updated in 2014 with a bedroom, beautiful den with flat screen TV for Netflix or Hulu, couch, play area and a goMy home is located less than a mile from Columbia  City.  Great location but definitely a neighborhood experience. This 9x9 room is the perfect size for someone just needing a place to sleep. There is a dresser, bedside lamp, and a closet. My home is located less than a mile from Columbia  City.  Great location but definitely a neighborhood experience. There are lots of great restaurants, music venues, theater, and parks within walking distance but the area is not as urban as downtown or capitol hill. The 9x9 room has a full bed w/ down comforter, dresser, closet w/ hangers. I have two rooms for rent in the house. Guests have acces to the the shared bathroom. kitchen, living room, front porch, and back patio. I love to talk with guests to learn more about them and am more than happy to help you think about things to do in Seattle. My home is located less than a mile from Columbia  City.  Great location but definitely a neighborhood experience. There are lots of great restaurants, bars,A spacious 1 bed mother-in-law space with private access available in our Columbia City home. 10 mins from Columbia City station with easy access to the airport and downtown Seattle. Free street parking and walkable to shops, bars and restaurants. Modern, spacious mother-in-law apartment in the basement of our 1915 Craftsman home.  Separate entrance from deck with full access to backyard with hammock and outdoor seating. 12 minute walk to fantastic shops, bars and restaurants in Columbia City or take the light rail 20 minutes to explore Downtown Seattle. Enjoy the living room and full kitchen, as well as outdoor space. Free and plentiful street parking and WiFi available. Washer and dryer for use with additional fee. Hosts Julie and George are happy to recommend places to to eat, drink and be merry. Columbia City is a vibrant, diverse area south of Downtown Seattle with plenty of transit links and a relaxed atmosphere. Enjoy brunch at Geraldine's Counter, coffee at Columbia City BakeryCozy studio apartment located on a quiet street just minutes from the vibrant farmers market, shops and eateries of Columbia City. Ample street parking. Easy travel to and from the airport and downtown Seattle via the nearby light rail station. This studio is the perfect get away spot for exploring Columbia City and the surrounding areas (to include downtown Seattle, the International District, Westlake, Capitol Hill, First Hill, and Lake Washington).  The apartment is three blocks to the light rail station (connecting the airport and downtown Seattle), two blocks from the Columbia City Farmers Market and business district, and one block from Empire Espresso (free WiFi and exceptional coffee drinks).  Please note the wall between the studio and adjacent tenants is thin, so if you are a light sleeper, this is not the place for you. The studio has its own entrance a few stairs up from the street.  It is part of a larger farm-house-converted-to-apartments.  Common spaces (back yard patio,Single Bed in the conner of laundry room  Clean and quiet.  Easiest commute in town - From SeaTac airport to my place, it takes only about 20 min via LINK light rail, and from our place to downtown Seattle is a 15 min ride. 3min by foot to station. This Single Bed is in the conner of laundry room. Free parking sport around the house.Welcome to my modern 3 br, 2.5 bath  home. Perfect for couples or families. You will be wowed by floor-to-ceiling windows; view of Cascade mountains. Easy stroll to bus and light rail. Sleeps 4 in BRs +1 on couch in 3rd BR/Den.  3 bedrooms.  Master bedroom has Queen bed. Guest bedroom has Queen bed and seperate full bath. 3rd BR is den/tv room with big comfy couch that can be outfitted with bedding.  Same for main floor.3 bedroom (3 bath) home in hip, up and coming neighborhood in Seattle. Our home is a two minute walk from the Light Rail station (to downtown Seattle), and a five minute walk to bars and restaurants in Columbia City. Some additional amenities: -Gas stove -Wifi with Netflix streaming -Washer and dryer -Hardwood floors -Non-toxic building materials -Great in home sound system -Private garage parking -Two road bikes available for use Check out the Wikipedia page about Columbia City. It will help build some context around how funky-cool the neighborhood is, and how easy it is to commute downtown: (URL HIDDEN) We are also very good friends with out neighbors, and can set up a meeting between our renter and neighbors so you can have contacts in the immediate vicinity (and people to offer restaurant recommendations, ect.) Cheers! None. Will be traveling. Easy access to downtown and airport. Local shops and restaurants are a short walk away.Bright 1 bedroom backyard guesthouse in the vibrant Columbia City neighborhood. One block away from the light rail means you can get to the airport and to downtown Seattle without a car. Walking distance to restaurants, shops and music venues. The upstairs is equipped with a kitchen and living area with corner windows which offer a beautiful view of the Cascade Mountain range. The downstairs is a bedroom with a queen size bed and full bathroom. The guest house comfortably sleeps two however a third person can sleep on the single futon which is upstairs in the living area. Please be advised however that with 3 people it will be nice and cozy :) The 400 sq ft. guesthouse is equipped with everything necessary to make for a comfortable and convenient stay. Out guesthouse is new and we are still working on the landscaping and exterior to make it more beautiful. Currently the outdoor space is a work in progress. The guesthouse has a full kitchen with brand new appliances including dishwasherOur home is a gorgeous modern design with lots of natural light on a quiet street and just a short walk from the bustling center of Columbia City. We are close to public transit options to explore the rest of Seattle, too! Guests will enjoy a whole floor to themselves with a queen bed, a full bathroom, as well as a futon that sleeps 1 comfortably and 2 cozily.  Guests will have shared access to a gourmet kitchen, a living room with a fireplace, a dining room, an additional bathroom, and the backyard. If there's anything you need or you want to pick our brains about adventuring in and out of the city or you want to grab a drink at one of the local breweries down the street, just ask! We'll try to make ourselves available. If you prefer quiet solitude, you got it! Columbia City is a charming and thriving neighborhood in southeast Seattle. Everything you need (restaurants, bars, movies, live music, yoga studio, groceries, parks, etc.) is within walking distance, and it's also easy to get Beautiful, fully-furnished 2 bedroom apt is 2  blocks from vibrant Columbia City  eateries, bars, shopping, etc.  Well-equipped,  spacious kitchen, nook, lvg rm.   Short walk to lightrail. 20 minute lightrail ride to downtown Sea, or Sea Tac airport. A sunny 2 bedroom apartment on a quiet street.  Hardwood floors except in the bedrooms. Well equipt, well designed kitchen with an eating counter. A dining table with seating for 6 or more with leaves. A deck out front under a beautiful vine maple tree is a pleasant place to relax in the summer. The apartment is the street level of a 2 unit apartment building.  2 bedrooms each have a Queen Size bed. The living room has a comfortable futon couch for additional places to sleep. The kitchen has pots pans, knives, microwave, coffee maker, electric kettle. and a dishwasher. There is plenty of glassware, plates, bowls, flatware. There is a stacked laundry, (Washer and Dryer) in the apartment as well. Good, fast wireless internet. Though the aparDarling, recently updated home located in vibrant neighborhood just a few blocks from Columbia City and Light Rail. Hang in this low key neighborhood or transit into town to play in the city! House available for most of January - contact me about it! Adorable one-story home with spacious living room, dining area, kitchen, full bathroom and two bedrooms: one main bedroom with full size four poster bed (belonged to my great grandparents!), one den with couch that has a pull out bed. Entire house is available for use, including spacious backyard with grill. I will be out of the country and hence will leave you be! There will be an in town contact for you during your stay, who will be available for any immediate needs. Columbia City has a cute main street that's only a short walk away - grab coffee and a treat at Columbia City Bakery, dine at Medusa, have a drink at the Ale House, see a show at the Columbia City Theater. Or hop on the light rail and head into downtown Seattle for some fun This 106 yr old craftsman is a lovely place to call home while you are in Seattle.  Wake up in a cheerful room, pick fresh berries for your breakfast in the front garden, and leisurely eat breakfast on the back patio as you prepare for your day. South facing 12x12 room with 9' ceilings, Queen sized Bed has 2 night stand with table lamps, small closet, storage drawers, shelves vintage fir floors are covered with a wool rug. The entire lower house is available for use except the small back bedroom. This room can be rented out in addition to accommodate a family. You will be given a key to come and go as you like. Front Yard Veggie Garden Back Yard Patio /Grill I have had the pleasure of traveling myself and know how beneficial it is to talk with locals.  I have lived in Seattle for over 20 years and have become quite familiar with the history of Seattle I am happy to visit/share information with you. Friendly Neighborhood -  Brighton Playfield (end of the block) Hillman CIty:  Tin UmbrelHave a cozy stay in the very heart of Columbia City! We've brought the artist's loft into the most luxurious building in the neighborhood. 1 block from the Link Light Rail and the most soulful strip in Seattle right outside your doorstep.  Spacious, modern living meets haven-like comfort.Private, cozy, and comfortable downstairs. 1 bedroom, 3/4 bath apartment with a separate entrance. Located in Columbia City/Seward Park neighborhood, a walkable, safe place. In walking distance of Columbia City, Seward Park, and Light Rail Station. Come enjoy our brand new jewel box apartment with warm wood finishes and heated floors. There is a new super comfy queen sized bed. Kitchenette comes stocked with tea and coffee. There's a microwave, coffee maker, tea kettle and small fridge. Guests are welcome to enjoy the backyard and fire pit. Access to the apartment is through a separate keyed entrance. Guests with mobility issues can park in the driveway behind the house, just outside the apartment door. We can offer recommendations for anything from the best places to eat to the nicest walks to take. You will have your own private space to rest and relax, but if you need anything we will be there to help. We are in walking distance of Columbia City, home to an eclectic mix of boutiquesA loft-style room with roof-top balcony in an award-winning, masonry-constructed building located within the Columbia City Landmark District. This is the full third floor of a live-above unit. It is a bright and open space with living, dining, kitchen, and sleeping areas all sensibly proportioned.  High ceilings, radiant-heated hardwood floors, and floor-to-ceiling sliding glass doors on the North and South end accentuate the warmth and brightness of the loft.  Double hung blinds add privacy. The kitchen has everything you need for an extended stay — utensils, dishware, cookware, a stove, a fridge, and a dishwasher. Add to this a rooftop deck! Washer and dryer access is available on-site. The loft space is above my office!  You might run into me during the day.  I'm happy to give recommendations based on your interests. Across the courtyard you'll find Empire Espresso.  A coffee shop that prides itself on good drink and good service.  For more of the same of this theme of excellence acLovely, spacious studio apartment with private entrance, great, natural, light from south-facing windows, large kitchen and access to backyard, den area, and washer & dryer. Modernized, roomy studio apartment in craftsman 1910 home near Columbia City (artsy, diverse, upcoming area of Seattle), close to light rail and buses. 3 miles from downtown. 20 minutes from SeaTac airport by light rail or car. Separate entrance, independent space.  Sleeps 2 in queen bed, plus option for 1 or 2 more on fold-out futon. Large kitchen with gas stove and dining area, bathroom with walk-in shower. Washer and dryer available for additional fee.  Street parking on a quiet, dead-end street, Wi-Fi, large urban garden with chickens. Wide variety of world cuisines and bars within 1 mile radius. 12-minute walk to Lake Washington through beautiful Mt. Baker neighborhood. Pets can be accommodated (possible additional fee, depending on fur shedding and accidents). Hosts Laura and Karl are multilingual (French, ItOne bedroom basement room with separate entry in trendy Columbia City. Perfect for a weekend in Seattle within walking distance to light rail for access to airport and downtown. Our guest room is located in the basement of our home with its own entrance. It features a queen bed (technically a fold out American Leather sofa with a tempurpedic mattress), TV with DVD player and Bose surround sound, mini-fridge, microwave, and closet. Towels and linens are provided. There is a small nook just outside the bedroom with table and chairs as well as private bathroom (which is upstairs) and exclusively for use of guests during their time in our house. We also have an assortment of board games and DVDs that guests are welcome to use while they stay. Guests will have access to the bedroom and upstairs bathroom. Guests are not permitted to cook in the kitchen, but do have their own private fridge and microwave. Cutlery and dishes can be provided upon request.  Guests also have access to the outdoorBeautifully restored 1912 home in Seattle neighbor voted #1 in 2014. 2 bedrooms, 3rd as study/den.  Gorgeous furnishings, high-end finishes, views of city-scape, and decks galore. Walking distance to lightrail, shops, restaurants, grocery, cinema.  103 year old craftsman lovingly updated and restored with an eye for the details.  High ceilings and fir floors throughout the house.  South-facing means you will wake to morning sunbeams in both bedrooms (one affectionately dubbed "the honeymoon suite," the other "the high-priestess's room--see photos).  There are decks and balconies everywhere; the sun-porch on the front--so nice on warm days; the wrap-around deck--perfect for barbecuing, evening dining, or a glass of wine at sunset with its amazing view of the city; and finally, the covered sleeping porch where you can lay in a hammock and watch the birds or the stars depending on the hour.  The living room boasts a fireplace and is furnished in restored antiques in a rich color palate, wThis 3 bedroom, 1 bath home in the heart of Columbia City offers several beds for your guests, a kitchen for those times you opt to stay in from Seattle's rich nightlife, and a deck with views of Seattle's downtown skyline. The Space With 1 queen, 1 full, and 2 twin beds, our newly-remodeled home can comfortably sleep 6 guests. While staying at our property, relax and sleep in, then enjoy brunch at a café or bakery under a half mile away. Walk to shops, restaurants and bars, or venture out to Lake Washington or Genesee Park.  Our property is light, airy and open with a modern kitchen to fit your needs. The new kitchen is open to the great room--good for relaxing after a day of sightseeing! The drop leaf table opens up for dinner seating, or the breakfast bar offers a place to perch for quick meals and snacks. The two bedrooms on the main level have pretty sunlight and comfy beds. The dressers are roomy and the empty closets are ready for you! The modern bathroom has a brand new shower Mid-century home in excellent location around the corner from delightful downtown CC & 6 blocks from the Light Rail.  3 bedrooms: 2 queen beds, 1 full, 2 pullout couches, can easily sleep 8. Close to Capitol Hill, stadiums, ID, downtown & Pioneer Sq. Brand NEW listing! Mid-century vintage home in the heart of charming Columbia City. The house was built in 1950 and features a deck and huge backyard. Full of light and on a quiet street, it has all the comforts of home. It's great for a short or long term visit, as we've added all the details to make your stay enjoyable.  > 1,300 sf interior space, 3-story duplex with shared stairway wall, so it stands alone and is very quiet. > 3 bedrooms (two Queens, one Full, two Full foldout couches). > Living room with smaller Full foldout couch. > Dining room. > 2 bathrooms. > Stove, refrigerator, microwave, coffeemaker, teapot, toaster. > Outdoor deck. > Large, fenced backyard. > Wood floors, except on the stairs. > Complimentary coffee and tea. > Our lower level apartment includes queen bedroom, full bath and living space with futon, microwave, refrigerator & Keurig coffeemaker. It has a private walkway/entrance. We are located in southeast Seattle between Columbia City and Lake Washington. There is a large living area with recliner sofa, large screen television and pub table and stools. We also provide a microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker and basic hospitality staples available (coffee pods, cream, sugar, tea, yogurt, granola bars and fruit). Private full bath with tub/shower and separate large bedroom with queen bed. The family laundry room is on lower level and available upon request. Guests will have a key to the lower level and can come and go as they please. There is ample street parking and a parking space in driveway available. Guests are welcome to enjoy the backyard with patio, gardens and seating. Peter and Linda will usually be available to greet guests at the front door of home. If we are unable to meet you on aPlease send me a note to inquire about availability before booking. Due to my busy work schedule I currently have a 5 day minimum for booking. Exception being if you have booked with me before, in which case a 2-night minimum will suffice. I will respond to any inquiries asap. THE HOUSE: Private spacious upstairs bedroom in a classic 1915 craftsman home just 4 blocks off the hub of the vibrant and diverse Columbia City neighborhood.  It's just a 10-minute walk, to a fabulous bakery, great restaurants, coffee shops, bars, jazz club, a cinema, art gallery, and locally-made ice cream. We have a wonderful farmers market, which is in full swing Wednesday afternoons into October, 3-7 pm. My 1,800 sq. ft. home has often been likened to a museum, with its odd and eclectic collections and artistic displays. People tell me that this house can provide many hours of entertainment. It is bright, comfortable, clean, and cozy without feeling too fancy or precious. I like a relaxed atmosphere. YOUR ROSmall, quiet room available in darling, recently updated home. Located in vibrant neighborhood just a few blocks from Columbia City and Light Rail. Hang in this low key neighborhood or transit into town to play in the city! Contact me now :) Small, quiet room in lovely Columbia City neighborhood. Room has a desk, lots of light, and couch with pull out bed. I slept in the bed recently so as to speak to its comfort, and it now has a new mattress pad for maximum comfort! There are fresh towels and linens for you, and there's a wall heater in the room for temperature control. The room is yours for sleeping and hanging in, and you are welcome to use the front living area for lounging. I have Chromecast so you can cast Netflix from your phone to the TV. Kitchen is available to you for cooking, and while I don't have anything fancy I do have the basics: plates, pots, utensils, and spices. And Herkimer coffee! Bathroom shower head has good water pressure and I've got some travel-sized toiletriThis is a great house in Columbia City neighborhood.  My home is near the Columbia City business district, Lake Washington parks, and the light rail station. The house has lots of space, including three spacious bedrooms, two with their own balconies. There are three bathrooms including a master bath in the master bedroom that includes a jacuzzi tub. On the ground floor is a rec room with two new fold out couches and has a door out to the patio and hot tub. There is a large screen tv with cable connection. Wifi connection is also available. The property is very nicely landscaped with several outdoor sitting areas and a hot tub that can accommodate 6 people. The house is near the top of a hill so there are views of the surrounding neighborhood and the Cascade mountains from the balconies and windows facing east. There is parking for 2 cars on the street and the carport can also be used if my car is not here. Guests will have access to the whole house and the surrounding property includiLocated between Columbia City and Seward Park, our comfortable, well-lit, one bedroom apartment feels like a tranquil retreat. Comfortably fits two, full kitchen, Q-bed, garden view, easy access to restaurants, coffee shops, light rail, bus lines. Think fresh, light, with European simplicity. Guests share the side door of our home to access the apartment door, which is four steps down in the lower level. We may cross paths in the hall or the garden. We are a friendly household, but your space is private. Though there is a cat in residence, the apartment remains a strictly pet-free zone. A crossover between urban and suburban, this walkable neighborhood provides amenities just minutes from your door. Our street is remarkably quiet and neighbors are remarkably friendly. An old growth forest thrives just one mile east in Seward Park and the Light Rail to downtown or the airport lies just one mile to the west. Close by: Columbia City Station for Link Light Rail, several bus lines run alongWe are three weird ladies with a weird house and a very weird small room available for your sleeping needs.  We cook hella good food, play board games, and have two adorable cats.  We also have a bowl of candy on our coffee table (like old ladies). Our star wars room is full of vhs tapes (the Star Wars Triligoy duh, Twin Peaks, Dirty Dancing, and so many more), a small TV, and an original play station with a bunch of games.  There is a thick foam matt with about a bazillion blankets, its a lot more comfortable than a futon. You'll have access to the whole house minus our bedrooms. Between the three of us, someone is usually home.  We have lots of activities like coloring books, and comics for reading.  We also have a shit load of board games. We love our neighborhood, and there are a lot of great restaurants and bars within walking distance.  Oh and a fantastic coffee shop that Littles (one of our cats) will escort you to. We have a lot of street parking because we live next to a largeNewly remodeled private room with a Queen Size bed and self-serve breakfast in the (URL HIDDEN) area. There is a Kitchen/Dining/Living Room and a Bathroom that is shared between three AirBnB roomss.  This room has a nice view of Downtown Seattle. You have your own bedroom. The bathroom, kitchen and living room lounge and other common areas are shared with two other AirBnB rooms.   If you use the kitchen, please limit the use to using the microwave, the Keurig and the water kettle.  Please put away dishes in the dishwasher, wipe down surfaces, and take your leftovers with you. If you'd like to do a load of laundry, please check with me first. I'm always available to advise on a subject that will help to get you around the city to a venue as quickly and safely as I can. This is a desirable and quiet neighborhood of Seattle. 5 minutes to Lake Washington. 10-15 minutes by bus to downtown. There are two bus lines with 2 blocks from my house. All of Seattle's best sites are close by, includiLovely craftsman style home in Mt baker neighborhood, close to downtown Seattle,  walk to Lake Washington, light rail, and transit close to stores and coffee shops. very quiet area Two separate rooms on main floor and each have cable TV and free WiFi. First room includes queen size bed with sitting area and plenty of storage. Second room includes double size bed with sitting area and storage as well. Extra blankets, and ironing board available for both rooms. Full kitchen, living room with fire place, dining room, and three piece bathroom. Owner is available  for directions, recommendations, and any questions guests may have. Cleaning and set up for breakfast is included in stay. Guess will be the only ones on that floor except for holidays In the heart of Seattle. About 5-10 minute drive to Downtown Seattle. Walking distance to parks, Lake Washington, bus lines and Link Light Rail. Cozy coffee/pizza shop one block away. Walk to bus and light rail Coffee and continental breakfast proviCharming old craftsman on a quiet street in the Mt. Baker neighborhood in Seattle.  The main floor bedroom and bath will be yours.  Close to bus lines and a 15 minute walk to the lake and a rail station.  The house is also shared with two kind cats. The guest bedroom and bathroom are on the main floor.  Those will be your private areas.  The rest of the main floor and front porch are shared areas. The shared space consists of the kitchen, washer/dryer, living room, dining room and front porch with swing. I love traveling and will love to offer assistance as needed.  If I'm around then I might be able to pick up or drop off to rail station. There is a Safeway grocery store 2 blocks away.  Columbia City is a mile away.  There are many restaurants and bars there.  Also coffee shops, bakery and a movie theater.   Lake Washington is near by.  It's a great place for a walk or run. Bus #7 and #14 are close by.  Both go downtown.  The light rail station (Mt. Baker Station) is a 10 minute walk.We are a friendly home.  I can add breakfast too for an extra $10 per person.  Just a 5 minute walk to the Mt Baker light rail station.  15 min train ride downtown, 25 minute train ride to airport.  Walk to Lake Washington along beautiful trails.Our tranquil, light filled 1 bedroom, fully furnished mother in law unit feels like you are in the country but really just 2 miles from the heart of Seattle. Very walk-able neighborhood, 1 block from 4 different bus lines, 40 steps to beautiful park  This home boast  a 12 foot sliding glass door that gives you the feeling you are outside when in. For those who appreciate the more industrial feeling, it has finished radiant heated concrete floors. During the summer, it remains cool because of the Tree that shades the unit during the hot..ok, really warm summer days. ;-). It is approximately 600 sq feet with additional private deck and patio space. This is a unit that is behind my current home, completely separate home so very private and no interactions required unless you see me working on the yard. The bed is a queen size bed that is brand new. Fully stocked kitchen for those who want to keep expenses down and cook a meal from home while in a new city. The unit is very dog friendly wiPrivate floor in historic Seattle home with bedroom, living room, & coffee/microwave .  In addition, guests will have a private bathroom on the shared main floor. Home is only a 5 minute walk to the Light Rail for easy access to downtown and airport. Guests will enjoy their own private floor featuring a bedroom, living room with cable TV, and counter with microwave and coffee/tea maker. Wireless internet is FREE.  There is a private bathroom for our guests on the main floor.  The bedroom has a comfortable queen size bed with dresser and ample closet space.   The bathroom is stocked with shampoo, conditioner, body soap and a hair dryer.  Washer and dryer are also available for our guests to use.  Enjoy your morning coffee on our outdoor deck. You enter the home on the main floor or make use of our back door entering the kitchen.  We have a large deck  and a hammock in the yard which guests are free to use. We welcome you as our guests and also respect your privacy.  We are available andThis is a one-room apartment with a private full bathroom, located on the first floor of my home, with its own entry, a microwave, small refrigerator  and a free parking spot. There is a washer and dryer as well. We have given the space the look and feel of a hotel room. It is very private, on a separate level from the rest of the house. The house is new, and we keep things very clean. In the winter, the room is cozy because it has heated floors. In the summer it's nice and cool. The internet connection is great, and it's easy to stream movies and play video games. In your room, there is a private bathroom, a place to hang your clothes, a microwave, and a refrigerator. Just outside the room, in the entry, there is a washer and dryer which you are welcome to use any time.  The house has high-speed wireless internet. If you like walking and running, there are parks and Lake Washington close by where people exercise. The room is on the first level. There is a door separating it from the nGorgeous craftsman home near Lake Washington and easy access to light rail.   Home has wifi, large kitchen, deck space, and is in a great neighborhood. Pet friendly.Spacious 3000 square foot 3BR/3BA house in Seattle close to outdoor destinations, shopping, restaurants, and more This large, 3000 square foot house in Seattle has three bedrooms and three bathrooms for you to use during your stay. Three queen beds will comfortably accommodate you and your guests. Start the day off right with a coffee and a pasty at Mio Posto. Enjoy lunch and dinner at the numerous excellent and varied neighborhood restaurants, including what we think is Seattle's finest bakery in Columbia City.  Alternatively, cook in our well appointed kitchen, then enjoy your meal at the antique kitchen table , or back deck or spacious dining room. Savor a cup of coffee on on the front porch, overlooking the tree filled garden.  Grab drinks in the evening in either in quaint Columbia City or Madrona, or venture a little further into Capitol Hill or Pioneer Square.  If you enjoy the great outdoors, this property is right for you. Within seven minutes, through magnificent wooded Mt BaStunning craftsman in family-friendly Mt. Baker.  You will feel like you are in the heart of the suburbs but you are a quick ride, bike or Light Rail jaunt to hip Capitol Hill, Leschi, Beacon Hill and Columbia City hoods.  Lake WA a five minute walk! Quiet, suburban feel but very close to the hippest neighborhoods in Seattle.  Super-friendly neighbors (most, if not all, with kids), a short walk to Lake Washington.  Hiking trails within a short walk. Everything:  gourmet kitchen, beautifully landscaped, fully fenced back yard, a bike, sound system including turntable, super cool collection of vinyl, Wi-Fi, Internet and Smart T.V.  and cable incl. HBO (one 50 inch in the Living room, one in one of the bedrooms) I will likely be travelling myself during the duration of your stay, but I will make key pick up very easy. It is so quite and family friendly yet so convenient.  I take the Light Rail (7 minute walk away) North to Beacon Hill and Downtown (to my work) and South to Columbia City nSingle bed in light-filled, south-facing private room.  Shared bathroom with one other airbnb room.  Kitchen, living room available for guest use.  Closet, nightstand, free internet.  Few minutes walk to bus, light rail and lively Columbia City. The Ethiopian cottage # 2 room is a smaller but bright room with a single bed, with shared full bathroom. There is a full kitchen for your use Complimentary coffee and tea any time of the day.   I have no restriction of time when to arrive or leave since you come a long way traveling, Note: CHECK IN TIME starting at 1 pm  but you may check in ( drop off your luggage )  when ever you get in town. Early check in is possible as long as the room is open . I am a frequent traveler so I understand.      Despite living in the middle of the city, we live in a very quiet neighborhood.  Seattle's diverse Mt. Baker Neighborhood is north of Columbia City, 25 minute bus ride close to downtown Seattle and has its own light rail station Mt. Baker. The house iGreat room for visiting Medical Students. 1.9 Miles from Harborview Medical Center with direct bus access. 4.7 Miles to the UWMC with easy bus access. Garage fro bike storage available. Off street parking as well as tons of safe on street (a rarity in Seattle). There is a Chef's Kitchen with dedicated space for your food in the cabinets as well as an entirely separate refrigerator/Freezer in case food space gets tight! High speed 100mbps internet. Washer and dryer. All utilities included.Modern designed home with wonderful sunset views of Puget Sound and Seattle.  Easy access to the interstate.  Easily walkable to several delicious restaurants in the neighborhood. It is a very modern home in a quiet neighborhood. Very close to the city - about a 5-10 minute ride. You will have access to the main area, your guest room, and of course the awesome rooftop deck. I will typically always be available during the guests stay. The neighborhood has some wonderful dining choices.  That's Amore is a 1 block walk and serves delicious Italian food.  A La Bonne Franquette is also a block away and serves great French food.  Not far away is a Repast a delightful bakery that makes all its pastries fresh each day. 31st Avenue South is one block east and the Seattle Bus System runs frequently all day and night.  Taxi or uber takes 10 minutes max to the heart of the city. There is free street parking directly in front of the house.  It is easy access to I90 if your travels take you East andLarge spacious room and private bathroom in Mt Baker Bungalow.  This is a three-story remodeled bungalow. The room is supplied with a double bed, large couch and desk.  It is a  quiet and comfortable space.   Our neighborhood is close to everything, Lake Washington, Downtown Seattle and nearby Columbia City.  We are within walking distance to buses, but are also able to supply lifts for a fee to either bus or light rail.  SE Seattle is a very diverse area with lots of great neigborhoods, parks and convenient to anything you might want to do in the Seattle area.   The room has a double bed; linens and towels provided and there is street parking. There are several nearby grocery stores,  QFC, Starbucks and eateries within short distance.  Also, great recreational attractions (hiking, boating and biking) and many within walking distance.  We provide morning coffee and snack.   No smoking.  Wireless internet included.  There are no other fees associated with this rental.  Check in is 3pm, Private bedroom with full bath in Dutch Colonial 2 miles southeast of downtown and only 5 blocks from Lake Washington. One block from bus route and within walking distance to Link Light Rail for easy access to downtown. 1920's Dutch Colonial Home with Queen bed Living Room, Dining Room and Summer Deck with city views. Host available with as many or as little recommendations as wanted. Seattle's Mt. Baker neighborhood with many walking paths around Lake Washington and Seward Park. Only 2 blocks from Mountain to Sound Bike Trail. Also near I-90 and I-5 highways. Easy access to airport or downtown by Link Light Rail or bus. Within a few blocks to 3 neighborhood restaurants and 2 bakeries.Lovely basement studio with a view of Lake Washington on a quiet street! Steps to the lake and blocks from a convenient bus line and the light rail. Kitchenette, private bathroom & entrance. One queen bed and an L shaped couch so you can spread out. Private studio space in a lovely garden setting with a cozy porch and hot tub. Big L-Shaped couch and flat screen tv. Private entrance and private access to hot tub and yard. I can greet you to let you in or you can make your way in on your own depending on when you arrive. Mt Baker is a beautiful, old neighborhood on Lake Washington with a big park nearby. It is a 10 minute drive downtown. Bus and light rail both a walk away.Charming one bedroom fully equipped apt. In a lovely quiet residential area close to beautiful Lake Washington. Goat Hill offers urban farm seclusion near to the center of this thriving metropolis. This property is in a conservation oriented town. One bedroom apartment in a family home in Mount Baker neighborhood. This city urban farm has goats and sometimes chickens with all the advantages of Seattle city living. The property is close to light rail to Sea Tac Airport and downtown, city bus route 14 to downtown, 48 to University of Washington, ferries to Bambridge and Bremerton also accessible to Seattle University. You can vacation here while enjoying games in the Sodo: pro baseball, foot ball and soccer. City art museums abound: SAM, Frye, MOHAI, are within a few miles. Wonderful theaters REP, ACT, Intiman and others are easily accessible. Our neighborhood is within walking distance to Lake Washington, I 90 lid park walking/ bike tunnel, Seward Pk, Olmstead Legacy Pks Frink, and ColeA wonderful single family home in the Mt Baker neighborhood. Walk to the park,  Lake Washington or hang out on the decks. Convenient to downtown, light rail and airport. 2 bedrooms/ 2 bath, office and two living areas, sleeper couch, Not child proof. Light, airy, two bedrooms with queen beds, two baths, full  kitchen with microwave. Laundry room, two living rooms.  This is not a good house for small children. No smoking, no pets. We are available by phone for emergencies or questions Great walking neighborhood. Close to parks, the lake, small retail area and restaurants.Cute 600+ sq. ft garden level apartment with an open floor plan and south facing windows. Lots of light in the afternoon. Private entrance with patio, outdoor seating and access to yard. Full kitchen and bathroom. Complete with the comforts of home! Full kitchen well equip for cooking, gas range, microwave, full sized fridge and a dining room table that seats 4.  Full bath includes deep bathtub, dual shower heads, towel heater and a big closet.  Heated floors in the  bathroom and kitchen.  Comfortable queen sized bed and a cb2 lubi daybed that can be used as a twin or folded out into a queen.    West Elm pillows and carpet, no clutter, cool art! Private entrance: Enter side yard through gate in property fence. Go down a few steps and enter apartment door located on a private and lit patio.  (Stairs have a hand rail.) We LOVE people and are happy to chat and engage and guide...That being said: The apartment is totally self contained so guests can choose to hide away and enjoy their privNew listing!  Newly remodeled, modern apartment in one of Seattle's most charming historic lakeside neighborhoods.  Our daylight basement apartment comes with private entrance, large living room with flat screen, private kitchen, and separate bedroom This entirely separate and private apartment is a modern addition to our 1914 craftsman home.  Completely remodeled in 2013, the apartment has all the modern comforts of home, from a new kitchen to a large flat screen TV.   The large living area has a comfortable L-shaped sofa, TV, and video game console.   The kitchen includes a washer-dryer, coffee maker, microwave and toaster so you can enjoy breakfast in your apartment (coffee and snacks provided).   The separate bedroom has a comfortable double bed.  We're happy to accommodate up to 2 additional guests on a spare mattress in the living room on request. Private entrance, separately keyed from main house. You'll find a list of local tips and maps in your apartment, but we're also more tCome Airstreaming in Mt. Baker, one of Seattle's most beautiful neighborhoods. A 1 mile walk from light rail, or to plenty of restaurants, Lake Washington and Seward Park. This silver 2012 Flying Cloud Airstream has all the amenities you could want. Living in an Airstream is a unique way to stay in one of America's best cities. With full galley and dinette, private bathroom and queen-sized bed with memory foam, it's a comfortable space for two who want something fun and different. Outside is a picnic table for eating al fresco on beautiful days.  The Airstream is stocked with bottled water, coffee, hand-soap, some toiletries, comfy sheets and plush towels. There is plenty of closet space for you to hang clothes and storage above and below the bed for your bags. Simplify your life and stay in a unique and comfortable Airstream. The neighborhood is surrounded by stately homes, beautifully designed parks (the Olmsted Brothers designed Mt. Baker park and Seward Park nearby). You can walk iWatch the sunset against the majestic Olympic Mountains, the tranquility of downtown Seattle lighting up the evening sky, and the proximity to the city in this must stay tucked away from the crowd sleep six contemporary unit. Triplex/Condo: two individual cozy units with lots of natural daylight located on an extremely quiet residential street with tons of off street parking available. Features 2 Bedrooms with ceiling fans , 1 Baths, and easily sleeps 4 - 6 very comfortably in 3 beds. Fully equipped, just bring your luggage and settle in. We offer two plush standard beds in Unit C. Both units offers a queen size sofa sleeper along with 3 inches of memory form topper. There is a fully equipped kitchen, flat screen televisions in living room and master bedroom with extended cable featuring tons of free movie selections. There is one enclosed parking space within the garage. There is a washer and dryer on site. As "official" natives of Seattle, we are just of phone call away if you needinEnjoy the quieter side of Seattle by staying in this comfy one bedroom, one bathroom apartment in Mt. Baker!  The neighborhood is known for its classic architecture, particularly its Craftsman-style homes and tree-lined streets. Please feel free to look at our other listings! The house is actually broken down into two separate units so you can always book both properties and have full access to the entire house should you desire. 1. (URL HIDDEN). (URL HIDDEN) The Space This cozy one bedroom, one bathroom apartment is located in the Mt. Baker neighborhood.  The Neighborhood Mt. Baker is a quiet, residential neighborhood located southeast downtown Seattle. The neighborhood is known for its classic architecture, particularly its Craftsman-style homes and tree-lined streets.  Because of the scenic views along Lake Washington, the coast is a popular place for bikers, walkers, and runners. The nearby Rainer Avenue has lots of shops and restaurants, as well as grocery and convenient stores. TOur townhouse is a block from a huge park with tennis courts and bike trail connecting downtown to Lake Washington. Walking distance to International Dist. Easy access to I-90 or I-5. Spacious enough for a family! Well-stocked kitchen w/gas range. We will check you in and out with keys Enjoy a private bedroom in a three story town home less than a mile from Columbia City train station.  There are 1.5 bathrooms to share and a new, modern kitchen.  There is also an in house Labrador retriever mix to hang out with!   Please inquire about renting the full house for the holidays! Guest will have access to the second level (kitchen/living room/bathroom) and third level bathroom and bedroom.  I work from home in the office on the first level and will be using the third floor bedroom and bathroom.  Guests may use the washer/dryer but please ask first. I work from home and occupy the premises and cook dinner at home most night.  Interaction will be limited. The neighbors are friendly and the location is two blocks from a Safeway and less than a mile from cool restaurants and bars.   Travel to downtown via Car is about 15 minutes (excluding traffic); via lightrail from Columbia City station: 15 minutes.  There are several bus lines a block away and Columbia City train station This 3 bedroom home sits on a ridge with peek-a-boo views of the lake, Mt. rainier, and downtown. We are a five minute walk to the lake and Genesee park. We are near Columbia city cafes and shops. Sleep up to 4 adults and 2 children. We are out of town when guests use our house, but are available by phone or e-mail in the event of an urgent matter. Enjoy a three story town home with garage less than a mile from Columbia City train station. There are 1.5 bathrooms to share and a new, modern kitchen. There is basic cable and wifi! Our home is beautifully designed with an open floor plan and bamboo floors.   The large kitchen is designed for the best chef! Large open granite counter tops, stainless steel appliances and four burner gas stove. This kitchen makes cooking fun. The master bedroom has a luxurious king size bed and the guest bedroom has a queen size futon.  The 50" living room flat screen has basic cable, HBO and (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) Chromecast.  The guest bedroom 32" TV is connected to Roku with Netflix, Hulu and Amazon Prime. Guest will have access to the second level (kitchen/living room/bathroom) and third level bathroom and bedroom.  Guests may use the washer/dryer. I will be out of town and there will be no guest interaction. The neighbors are friendly and the location is two blocks from a Safeway and less thaWe've created a brand new apartment with all the amenities in our daylight basement with plenty of natural light, open-feeling and private entrance. Situated in a beautiful and welcoming neighborhood.  The apartment is available all year 'round. This is a newly created daylight basement apartment with great light. It sits on a hill overlooking Lake Washington and the Cascades. The minute you walk out your view is spectacular in a quiet neighborhood that is among the most beautiful in Seattle.  The decor is warm and friendly with Shaker style furniture and cabinets. It has a well appointed kitchenette with fridge, toaster oven, microwave, sink and glasses and dishes to make your stay a welcome one. There is no stove or range for safety reasons. The bedroom has a queen-sized bed and very comfortable mattress and quality linens and comforter. There is room to hang your clothes in a closet or place your suitcase on a bench for easy access. There is a sitting area with TV and daybed for cozThis is our home, it can be yours. Our house is a 1914 craftsman on a tree-lined street decorated by an artist and an architect. We are 2 minutes from a park, and 10 minutes from Lake Washington. We are 8 minutes to LightRail. We have a garden.  Our space is warm and welcoming. There are plenty of places to sit and read or have tea. The fireplace works and it has radiant heat which makes it a wonderful retreat for those visiting Seattle for a fall or winter holiday.  There are two bedrooms. The master bedroom has a queen bed, and the second room which is our baby's room, has a crib and a double mattress. The living room has a pullout couch that sleeps two.  The bathroom has a claw-footed tub perfect for that hot bubble bath after a day of hiking, skiing or visiting with inlaws There is laundry in the basement. We will have minimal interaction as we only list our house when we are traveling, but have neighbors close by if you have questions or issues.  Our neighborhood is full of trees A private bedroom and bath in a 1924 Seattle bungalow in the Mt Baker neighborhood.  Close to transit, and light rail from Seatac airport or downtown. Coffee and cafes nearby, or coffee / light breakfast here.   discount for weekly / monthly booking. This is a quiet bedroom with several large windows, looking out to the leafy yard. Mt Baker  is a friendly quiet neighborhood. There is a second bedroom with a twin bed that can also be booked upon inquiry.   Besides the bedroom, there are comfortable sitting areas, and a beautiful west facing yard. The kitchen has a bright breakfast table as well. I have a business that I work at in my home and am in and out through out the day.  I always enjoy chatting with our guests if they wish. Mt Baker is a beautiful in city,  residential neighborhood.  We are within walking distance to Lake Washington, parks, restaurants and coffee houses.  Downtown Seattle is a 45 minute walk away for adventurers, but we are two blocks from bus routes and a few moYou will love the beautifully remodeled studio apartment located in my Mt. Baker mid-century home. Ideally located close to Columbia City shops, restaurants, entertainment, Light Rail and buses. 3 day minimum stay preferred during summer months LOCATION: This newly remodeled studio apartment occupies the bottom floor of my eclectic Mt. Baker mid-century home. This is one of Seattle's most sought after neighborhoods because of its beauty, diversity, proximity to Lake Washington, parks, and every conceivable amenity. By staying here, you can get a sense of how people in Seattle really live.   In under 5 minutes (on foot, no less!) you can be on the shores of Lake Washington in a huge park system designed by the famed Olmstead brothers (Central Park). Highlights include a rowing and sailing center, swimming beaches, marinas, miles of hiking, views of Mt. Baker, Mt. Rainier, the Cascade mountains, the iconic floating bridges, Mercer Island, and Bellevue. Also within easy walking distance aComfy room & private bath in the daylight basement of an early Mt. Baker home. Separate side entrance to the guest space. Beautiful neighborhood walks and easy transit options to downtown and the airport. Free on-street parking in front of the house. Private, comfortable bedroom and bathroom in a newly remodeled daylight basement. Great morning light with a view into the back yard.  Separate side entrance leads to the guest space. The queen bed is a  comfortable, firm sofa bed with a foam topper. There are two comfortable chairs in the room and plenty of storage space for your things. There is also a mini refrigerator for your use.  Our family accesses a laundry room and a storage area in the basement, but are respectful of our guests. We will let you know if we need to come downstairs while you're here. Guests are free to use the backyard deck. Because of the excitable dogs (see note below), we ask guests not to use the kitchen/dining area on the main floor unless we make arrangementsThis room with a queen bed, high boy dresser, upholstered star chair, small desk and closet is on the second floor sharing a 3/4 bathroom with the owner. Outside the room is a full length mirror so you can make sure you look your best! Seattle's diverse Mt. Baker Neighborhood is north of Columbia City, close to downtown Seattle and has its own light rail station, Mt. Baker.The host, is knowledgeable about public transportation. The art deco room is on the second floor with a very comfortable queen bed and morning sunlight. The guest shares a bathroom with a shower.  Barbara will serve you breakfast at your request, "Casa de Esperanza" omelet, or steel cut oats, (gluten free is available) Due to the inexpensive cost of this great bnb, a second guest will pay the owner $10.00 per day for breakfast. It is well worth it! You are cordially invited to share the "Gallery/living room" with an art deco fireplace gas insert which makes the room warm and cozy. Breakfast is served in the Gallery. This guest house was built from the ground up by the owner who's built boats, houseboats, and high end homes.  His work has been featured in Fine Homebuilding Magazine, The New York Times Home Section, and the Seattle Times.  This separate 800 sq. foot structure sits adjacent to the owner's 1910 bungalow.  You enter through a gated private patio. Downstairs is the bedroom and bath with radiant heat flooring and built in cabinetry.   Upstairs is a sitting area that opens to a small private deck that is perfect for taking in the sunsets.  It  has a full galley kitchen with custom made lacewood and maple cabinetry and Italian ligjting.    The kitchen features a vintage Spark stove.     The guest house is in a quiet neighborhood on a hill above Lake Washington and Genesee Park.   There are a variety of walks that could take you along the lake, to nearby Columbia City and its vibrant restaurant scene.  Bikes are available and the light rail stops are within walking distance.  Watch the sunset against the majestic Olympic Mountains, the tranquility of downtown Seattle lighting up the evening sky, and the proximity to the city in this must stay tucked away from the crowd sleep six contemporary unit. Triplex/Condo: two individual cozy units with lots of natural daylight located on an extremely quiet residential street with tons of off street parking available. Features 2 Bedrooms with ceiling fans, 1 Baths, and easily sleeps 4 - 6 very comfortably in 3 beds. Fully equipped, just bring your luggage and settle in. We offer a plush queen size bed, daybed that's a king size bed too in Unit B and two plush standard beds in Unit C. Both units offers a queen size sofa sleeper along with 3 inches of memory form topper. There is a fully equipped kitchen, flat screen televisions in living room and master bedroom with extended cable featuring tons of free movie selections. There is one enclosed parking space within the garage. There is a washer and dryer on site. A deck Secluded cottage with view of lake in quiet neighborhood. Located on leafy lane just three minutes walk to Lake Washington. With deck and downstairs laundry room, includes full kitchen with dishwasher. 15 minutes from downtown Seattle, and near bus. Grapevine Cottage offers ideal accomodation for a couple. There is an open-plan bedroom. A sleeper couch in the living area can sleep two children or a second couple. The Cottage is not a suitable venue for larger groups. Grapevine Cottage is located on a steep hill overlooking Lake Washington just south of the Mercer Island floating Bridge From its deck, there is a view of the lake. Across the street (Mt. Claire Drive South) is a greenbelt with no houses. A short walk in one direction leads to Mount Baker Bathing Beach and public tennis courts. In the other direction, a small commercial district boasts a wood-fired pizza restaurant/cafe and a Pilates studio as well as Mount Baker Community Club House.  Walks along the lake and boat rental     A clean, comfortable, and artfully decorated private room in a great townhouse located in the up and coming Seattle neighborhood of Columbia City. Room is equipped with a queen size bed (sleeps two), a 29" television with cable and satellite radio. All bedding is fresh and laundered before guest arrives. Fresh towels and travel sized toiletries are provided if needed. Price includes a “help yourself" continental breakfast of coffee, juice, pastries and fruit. A little about me: I'm friendly, hospitable, love having guests from around the world, and myself well educated and well traveled. I am a professional who keeps pretty busy but more than willing to spend time with my guests, even introduce them to my friends or showing them the fabulous city and gorgeous region I live in. Townhouse has 1.5 bathrooms which is shared with the owner. Guests have full use of the house including the kitchen, living room, beautiful garden with two different seating areas and barbeque. Also availableDouble bed in light-filled, south-facing private room. Shared bathroom with one other airbnb room. Kitchen, living room available for guest use. Closet, nightstand, free internet. Few minutes walk to bus, light rail and lively Columbia City. Bed: Full bed Bathroom: Full Shared       Parking       Free on / off the premises Kitchen any time for use  with water filter  Every morning coffee/ Tea Free WIFI Living room with TV  Kitchen for use. Deck front/back Yes! any time. Bus #7 takes you to downtown Seattle 20 minutes.Clean newly renovated apartment with open floor plan, nice deck and wonderful view of downtown. Located 2 miles from the city core one block from the bus stop and less than 5 minutes by car from Interstate 90, this location is super convenient. •Hardwood floors, •Lots of kitchen cabinet space •Stone counter tops •Heated bathroom floors •Washer/dryer in unit •Large view deck with café table and chairs •Lots of spare closet space •Free storage space in building for bikes and skis •Large bedrooms with large closets •Wonderful views of Olympic Mountains and Seattle Skyline The Furnishings •Professionally decorated •Kitchen is equipped with everything needed to cook large meals •All linens and towels provided •King sized bed and two twin beds with spare linens.  Twin beds can be converted to king upon request. •Sofa bed couch with linens provided •Starter package of detergents, soaps etc •Vizio 50 inch TV with DVD – standard cable package •Wifi router Self contained apartment accessible froThis guest room is located in our urban barn in a separate building from our home. Features include comfortable furnishings, garden views, mini-fridge, microwave, and private bathroom with shower and radiant flooring. My mom says, "tree house feel." We live in a diverse area of Seattle and we are honored to host guests of all ethnicities. We also warmly welcome guests from the LGBTQ community. The Passiflora Guest Room is your own private light-filled bedroom and attached bathroom in an urban oasis that we lovingly call the Passiflora Garden. The Passiflora Garden features a modest garden of edibles & herbs, beautiful ornamentals, and a large Passiflora vine (passion flower). Don't worry, no animals actually live in the barn. One queen size pillow top bed is provided in your room. The bedroom space has a mini-fridge, microwave, tea kettle, and coffee-maker.  We provide regular and decaf organic coffee and an assortment of organic tea.  If you require additional items such as an iron, hEnjoy beautiful views of Lake Washington at our comfortable home in the Leschi/Mt. Baker neighborhood. Located just three blocks West of the water and two blocks East of coffee shops&restaurants on Mt. Baker Ridge. Located on a quiet street, we are a 10-minute drive to downtown Seattle. Stunning views of Lake Washington and the Cascade Mountain Range; located in a beautiful Seattle neighborhood. The neighborhood is quiet and very close to grocery stores, cafes, restaurants, parks, major bus routes, light rail station, stadiums, Capitol Hill and downtown. Sea-Tac airport is about 25 minutes away. Other features:  · Full kitchen  · Free WiFi  · TV & entertainment  · Board games  · Parking  · Two decks (front and back) We're often travelling when renting through airbnb, so we're mostly accessible via phone, text, or email. We always have a contact person nearby however, who can help out! Two blocks from restaurants: That's Amore! (Italian), A La Bonne Franquette (French), Heyday (AmericanGuest room with a comfy queen size bed and private bath in an old Craftsman house on a quiet street in beautiful Mt. Baker. Great location close to city center & stadiums. Free Parking! Rail/bus nearby: 10 min to downtown, 20 min to airport.    Hi and welcome to Seattle!  My house is in a great location for accessing and exploring the city and surrounding areas.  It's only 3 miles to downtown and with its close proximity to light rail, bus lines and major freeways, it's really easy to get around. If you have a car, there's abundant free parking on the street in front of the house. The guest room is located on the main floor and includes a comfortable queen size bed, lots of shelf space and plenty of room to hang your stuff. The bathroom is newly remodeled and located just off the guest room. It includes everything you'd expect: clean towels, soap and shampoo -- it will be your own private bathroom to use during the duration of your stay. Other stuff that's available include an iron/iroNewly remodeled private room with a Queen Size bed and self-serve breakfast in the (URL HIDDEN) area. There is a Kitchen/Dining/Living Room and a Bathroom that is shared between three AirBnB rooms.  This room has a nice view of Downtown Seattle. You have your own bedroom. The bathroom, kitchen and living room lounge and other common areas are shared with two other AirBnB rooms. These rooms and the entire common area is entirely separate from the hosts who also live in the building.  If you use the kitchen, please limit the use to using the microwave, the Keurig and the water kettle.  Please put away dishes in the dishwasher, wipe down surfaces, and take your leftovers with you. If you'd like to do a load of laundry, please check with me first. I'm always available to advise on a subject that will help to get you around the city to a venue as quickly and safely as I can. This is a desirable and quiet neighborhood of Seattle. 5 minutes to Lake Washington. All of Seattle's best sites are Newly remodeled private room with a Queen Size bed, self-serve breakfast and nice cozy red brick wall in the (URL HIDDEN) area.  There is a Kitchen/Dining/Living Room and a Bathroom that is shared between three AirBnB rooms. You have your own bedroom. The bathroom, kitchen and living room lounge and other common areas are shared with two other AirBnB rooms. These rooms and the entire common area is entirely separate from the hosts who also live in the building.  If you use the kitchen, please limit the use to using the microwave, the Keurig and the water kettle.  Please put away dishes in the dishwasher, wipe down surfaces, and take your leftovers with you. If you'd like to do a load of laundry, please check with me first. I'm always available to advise on a subject that will help to get you around the city to a venue as quickly and safely as I can. This is a desirable and quiet neighborhood of Seattle. 5 minutes walk to Lake Washington. All of Seattle's best sites are close by, includA mother in-law apartment located in the basement as part of a 1919 Craftsman Bungalow in Mt. Baker with a  cottage garden and private entrance. The bedroom is spacious and quiet for a good night sleep. The living room has a day bed (single or double) that can accommodate a couple with a child. There is a small kitchen with a half refrigerator, stove and toaster oven. Dishes, french press and cooking ware are available. It is great for someone coming here for business or sightseeing that likes to dine out in one of our great restaurants. The bathroom is spacious with an antique claw foot tub – new faucet fixture for easy use for showing. Enjoy wireless web access. If you're traveling by car, street parking is readily available in front of the house. Towels and those types of things to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Cleaning is  upon checkout.  If you are here longer term, we can make an arrangement to have the cleaning staff come in as requested to clean for you. There is aThis gem is a five minute walk to Link light rail, a  twenty minute ride to SeaTac airport, and a ten minute drive to downtown Seattle. You can walk to Lake Washington, it is two blocks to the park and an easy jaunt through the park to the shore. This delightful,1933 Mediterranean style home boasts inlaid parquet wood floors, artfully textured plaster walls and Philippine mahogany doors and windows. The common space features an art gallery with two dimensional work by well known artists with disabilities, such as Esref Armagan, Robert Koval and Jim Stevens.  Breakfast choices change daily,is served between 8 am and 10 am arranged the night before, unless you need to catch an early flight and then I'll pack you a travel bag. Guests will NOT have access to the owners kitchen.   The master bedroom, known as the Orchid Room, has a double bed, amoire, and dresser, and a private bath, right out of the 1950's. Turquoise, black and pink color scheme enhance a walk-in jetted tub and shower. SmaQwn  bed in light-filled, private room. Private bathroom.  Chair, night stand, book shelf, walk in closet for long distance travelers.  Kitchen, living room available for guest use.  Few minutes walk to bus, light rail and lively Columbia City.       We are Bethy and Salem, we love to travel! We also enjoy meeting other travelers. Our comfortable home is a two story house,  on a quiet residential street with convenient, free off/on street parking. ROOM:  ACCOMMODATES COMFORTABLY 2 PEOPLE: Room features a queen-size, comfortable bed and book shelf, reading chair, and closet.   Bottle water  and towels served in the room. The room has it's own small bathroom with shower.     KITCHEN: Hot water kettle, coffee pot selection of teas and coffee. Pots and pans are available if you wish to cook. NEIGHBORHOOD: the bu(URL HIDDEN)line going directly to Seattle downtown is two block away, every 8 min (20-30 minute ride) on RAINIER avenue. Mt. Baker/ Columbia City neighborhood. Super easy to travelOur cozy two bedroom/ two bathroom apartment, located in the southeast of Seattle is close to buses and light rail stations, so it is ideal to explore the city. It is close to Mt. Baker park and Lake Washington. Please feel free to look at our other listings! The house is actually broken down into two separate units so you can always book both properties and have full access to the entire house should you desire. 1. (URL HIDDEN). (URL HIDDEN) The Space: Our apartment is comfortable and spacious. This is a two-floor apartment. You can find a kitchen with a breakfast table for four, a dining room for six, and a small living room on the bottom floor; these areas have good natural light because of the windows. Although there are nice restaurants to try out in the city, our guests are welcome to use the kitchen if they want to cook. On the top floor we have two bedrooms and two bathrooms. There is space to comfortably accommodate 4 people. There is also a small cozy living area upstairs, whQuaint studio apartment fully furnished, one block from beautiful Lake Washington in the Seward Park/Columbia City area. Very near restaurants, public transportation. Wifi included.  No smoking. Ideal for two people, can accommodate up to three.Situated in the heart of Seattle's Seward Park neighborhood, only a couple blocks from up from Lake Washington, the house is a perfect quiet place to stay during a visit to our fine city. It's only a mile away from Columbia City, one of Seattle's up and coming hot spots, yet nestled in a quiet neighborhood if you want to escape the noise. Lots of natural light and a big back yard! Situated in the heart of Seattle's Seward Park neighborhood, only a couple blocks from up from Lake Washington, the house is a perfect quiet place to stay on a visit to our fine city. It's only a mile away from Columbia City, where you can eat a delicious breakfast or brunch at Geraldine's Dinner, enjoy some fantastic sushi at Wabi Sabi, or grab a drink at Lotties. Or if you want to venture up into Capital Hill, the hub of Seattle's night life, its only a short cab ride away. The house itself is a cozy, single bedroom built in the early 1900's. It boasts a spectacular view of the lake from the living room and3 Bedroom and 2 bathroom updated home on an elevated corner lot in a desirable neighborhood. The living room looks out over two large decks with views of Lake Washington. The chef's kitchen and open floor plan make this a great place for a holiday. We just listed our place, and more photos are to come.  Living Room: The upstairs space has a living room complete with a fireplace, and a 55" TV. This is a great place to curl up and read a book on rainy days. From the couch you can see the view to the lake.  Kitchen: Gas stove, high-end appliances, all of the things you could possibly want to cook. Spices are readily available as well as cook ware, wine glasses and more.  Basement Living Area:  Place to watch movies while doing laundry. There is a front loading washer and dryer available for use.  Bedrooms:  Main Floor Bedroom #1: Fitted with a Queen Memory Foam Bed and some empty closets. Quiet and dark for a good night sleep.  Main Floor Bedroom #2: Can be set up with an inflatable mattrLight filled home overlooking Andrews Bay and Seward Park.  Experience nature in the City! Our home is available for booking weeks or months-- October - December.  Located just one block from Lake Washington and Seward Park.   It is a unique design with 3 outdoor decks, great room with gourmet kitchen, top floor loft master full bath jacuzzi tub and a ground floor suite-- office, full bath, entertainment center and murphy bed. Included: Furniture & Linens Fully Equipped Kitchen Garbage Disposal Dishwasher Frost-Free Refrigerator Ice-Maker Continuous-Clean Oven Laundry Facilities Television w/Infinity Cable Wi-Fi Telephone Outdoor BBQ Neighbor hood attributes: Destination area— Lake Washington Blvd.  Park 3.7 miles of Public  access along Lake Washington with paved sidewalk.   Mt. Baker Beach-  Crew, sailboats-- sailboards Seward Park --  forest trails- through Northwest Vegetation, , paved trail around perimeter- bike, jog, walk Fantastic Kids Play area One block to Lake Washington BikGreat access to general enjoyment of a lake side community. We may be able to pick up guests at the light rail. The ideal guest would enjoy the quiet and lake access. Central location 15 min to airport, 5 min to Columbia City, 10 min to Georgetown. Welcome quiet space with a good amount of privacy. We are happy to share coffee with our guests in the morning. Please feel free to use the kitchen. Parking is on the street, the house is in the back and we ask you do not disturb the neighbors in the front (we will describe more). We maybe able to pick you up or drop you at the airport or light rail. You will have your own bathroom and can feel free to work, eat and relax in the main area. There is also a private sitting room with a large screen TV with Netflix and streaming capabilities. We will may be at the house, working from home but happy to give rides and share tips about the city! Seward park is beautiful and quite central, there is a bus right out front, Cafe Vita is up the street aThis charming PNW-themed mother-in-law apartment offers a queen sized bed, fold-out twin bed, kitchenette, full bath and private entrance. Small brick patio offers outdoor seating in warm weather. A short walk to shops, restaurants, and the park. Enjoy a floor-to ceiling, wall-to-wall map of Washington State, art from the Pacific Northwest and some local litrerature.  The entire apartment, which is private and separate from the rest of the house.  If we are around we'd love to say hi but if not, we'll set up the space for you and leave you to make yourself at home.   Columbia City's main strip is just 5 blocks away. There you can find a dozen independent bars and restaurants with a variety of ethnic cuisines, a local gym, yoga studio, butcher, baker, florist, bike shop, library, ice cream, and consignment clothing shop. Seward Park, including a swimming beach, playground, running trails and old growth forest, is just a mile away. Downtown Seattle is a 20 min bus ride or light rail traiKayak at Lake Washington, 1 mile from home. Enjoy studio-sized bedroom with large windows, A/C, TV, Netflix, W/D, large deck, tables in your room for work and eating, or eat in kitchen or deck, comfy chair in room, suitcase racks, view of garden, bathroom- private at night, cook in kitchen. Self-serve breakfast- coffee, tea, fruit, yogurt, cereal. Bathrobes and slippers. Borrow camping supplies. Easy access to downtown. Lots of space in your room!  Friendly, helpful, fun host :-) Students, Visitors, Newcomers, Workers, Workshop Attendees, Tourists, LBGT, Congregants to Synagogues 1-2 blocks away, All are Welcome!  Stay a couple of days or a month, or more! (2 day minimum) Cook and enjoy the kitchen and charcoal grill, sunny deck, garden delights! Kayak when the weather is warm, and when the van is working and available= most of the time! The bathroom is next to the bedroom, just a couple of steps through the hall. At night and morning, I keep a curtain closed at the end of the hall so 15 min. to airport and downtown. Room has double size bed, dresser, desk armchair and separate outside entrance. TV with local channels and coffee pot. Bathroom is next to the bedroom and shared. We are a family with 2 adults, 2 chlldren and 2 cats. This bedroom is in the basement of our family house but has two windows so there is plenty of light. It sleeps up to two in the double sized bed. The shared bathroom is next door. There are two bedrooms and a den with home theater system on the same floor. On the floor above there is a living room, dining room, kitchen, fireplace room, 2nd bathroom and master bedroom. We spend most of our time upstairs, although the 2 children sleep in the downstairs bedrooms. Ours is a family house with 2 adults, 2 children (ages 17 and 11), and 2 cats. You shouldn't book this space if you are at all allergic to cats. Please note the room is only accessible with stairs. The guests will have access to kitchen, living room, dining room, other shared living sThis clean, quiet & cozy full bedroom shares a bathroom with just one other room in a large multi-airBNB bedroom home. The neighborhood is a quiet Jewish community just a 1.1mile walk to the Othello light rail station & a .8mile walk to Seward Park. Your room is on the upper floor, up the stairs upon entering the house. Take a right through the doorway and your room is the first bedroom on the right. It is furnished with a full bed, small fan, personal floorboard heaters and closet space with hangers. The bathroom is located on the same hallway as the bedroom for which you have booked. It will be the first door on the left when walking from the living area. The towels are either stacked on shelving or in cabinets within the corresponding bathroom. Guests have access to both levels in the home. Both kitchens, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, the backyard and upper deck. Basically the entire home. Please refrain from buying and storing multiple days groceries. There is just nOur cozy private detached MIL is walking distance to the amazing trails and beaches of Seward Park and a short walk to the efficient light rail to downtown.  It is located close to a natural market, coffee shops, and restaurants. Studio Detached Mother in law unit in a garden setting.  Private, cozy, and comfortable.  This is a non smoking unit. The unit includes wi-fi, kitchenette, and full bathroom.   The kitchenette includes coffee maker, full gas stove/oven, and toaster oven.   Please, no smoking inside the unit. Short walk to multiple buses and light rail station.  Close to Seward Park, Lake Washington, and the shops and restaurants of Columbia City.This beautiful home is located just a mile north south of Seward Park, a 10 minute walk from Columbia City one of Seattle's best urban neighborhoods and 15 minutes from the heart of downtown Seattle. This beautiful home is located just a mile north south of Seward Park, a 10 minute walk from Columbia City one of Seattle's best urban neighborhoods and 15 minutes from the heart of downtown Seattle. Enjoy a glass of wine and the expansive views of Lake Washington and Mt. Baker from the deck or downtown Seattle from the living room.   It is a perfect home for a family with a playroom and bunk beds or for someone just wanting to relax in the city.  The house is in a great walking neighborhood,  within walking distance of many restaurants and cafes, the famous Columbia City Bakery, a movie theater, a grocery store, banks, shops, and bars.  If you prefer nature simply walk four blocks down to Lake Washington where you will be sure to see Bald Eagles and other Northwest birds.  This 3 to 4 bedA/C PRIVATE ROOM in VINTAGE building in a pretty central Seattle location. It's a fast drive to downtown Seattle and a toll-free drive to Bellevue/Redmond. The neighborhood is super walkable with lots of eateries and parks nearby. PLEASE READ ALL: PLEASE READ ALL CAREFULLY. I've had TWO guests recently who were "surprised" about things that were CLEARLY listed here! Click the red "+ More" links to expand and READ ALL.  I will no longer accept reservation requests from people without a photograph or verified government I.D.! This is my HOME, not a hotel -- please don't make reservations for someone else. Thanks!  This is a 2-bedroom apartment built in 1951. Only *I* live here. You will share the bathroom with me and only me. Breakfast is NOT provided, except coffee and tea whenever you want it.  -- ROOM AMENITIES --  • Air conditioning!!!   • Full-sized (Double) Bed   • Radio alarm clock with USB port  • 15" TV/DVD player  • Roku device for Netflix, Hulu Plus, Pandora, and hundreds of oBright cheery bedroom with double bed in mid century modern rambler. Newly remodeled bathroom dedicated for your use directly across the hall. Coffee included. You're welcome to cook as long as you clean up. Room in the refrigerator. Enjoy your meal on the deck, under the grape arbor or in the breakfast nook!   Beautiful walking, running trails and summer swimming right down the street at Lake Washington.  Four restaurants and a natural food store less than 1 mile away. 1/2 mile farther takes you to the Columbia City neighborhood, a vibrant area with movies, shopping, a world renowned jazz club, various bars and restaurants. 20 minute drive to downtown Seattle, 5 min walk to #50 bus which connects you to the light rail for access to downtown or the airport.  Limited laundry available for $5. If we're around, we can host (suggest sites, offer a ride to the light rail) or invite you to share a meal. Living Room, Dining Room, Kitchen, Front and back yards We will interact as much or as liCharming private bedroom and bathroom with a separate entrance in a beautifully remodeled mid-century home and award-winning urban farm in Southeast Seattle.   A quiet, natural paradise close to vibrant Columbia City and the Light Rail! Private bedroom and bathroom with a seperate entrance in the basement of a beautifully remodeled mid-century home and award-winning urban farm in Southeast Seattle.    The room shares the spirit of the rest of the home --  natural, low-impact, non-toxic, and artistically composed with as much salvaged material as possible. The room can be rented for “test nights" for potential customers wishing to purchase an Organic Latex bed from Soaring Heart Natural Bed.  This incredibly comfortable natural bed also features an organic wool topper, organic wool comforter and all organic cotton sheets from Soaring Heart. In addition to the amazing bed, there is a built in writing desk, closet, and a private adjoining bathroom. Access to the room is through a private Newly renovated daylight basement apartment, in a lovely turn of the century home, located in a quiet neighborhood near Columbia City and Seward Park.  2 BR, 1 Bath, keyless private entry, free on-site parking, WiFi, TV with Roku, fridge, microwave. This is a bright daylight basement apartment with tall ceilings and a modern flair. The space includes:  -Two bedrooms, each with a queen bed with feather mattress and closet.  -Living room with couch, dining table with seating for four, TV with Roku and hotel-style kitchenette (mini fridge, microwave, toaster oven and coffee maker, only sink is in the bathroom). -TV has Roku access to Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, etc with tons of TV and free movie selections.  There is no cable access. -Bathroom with full bath and shower The rooms are all connected by a central hallway that includes some stairs between the various rooms.  Towels, kitchenware, books, magazines and board games are also provided for your use during your stay. To the left of the maiStroll the zen garden to our sweet open floor plan apt, watch eagles soar from the private patio. Spacious & bright, a block to the lakeside trail leading to Seward Park, a mile to hip Columbia City & the light rail. Tranquility a hop from the city. The most special quality of our space is the extraordinary view and easy access to outdoor beauty, Columbia City, and the light rail. Our apartment is spacious, clean, stylish, with bright morning sunlight and it's own view patio. We get many comments on the beauty and peace here. You have your own private entrance through the back patio. From the parking, stroll down a grassy slope overlooking trees and Lake Washington to a few steps to the patio, this leads to your door. There are chairs overlooking the lake, and a jacuzzi right out your door. We occasionally spend 10 or 15 minutes in the evening in the jacuzzi, but otherwise the patio is yours.  When we are here and it is not too  late (we are early to bedders) we will be happy to welcomComing to Seattle with the kids in-tow?  We have a fully isolated, finished & furnished basement - 2 BR, 1 bath 1.5M from light rail, on the Car2Go line and next to Seattle's best park. The bathroom has recently been remodeled (pics soon) Fully furnished finished basement. Kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 1 bath (bathtub/shower combo), TV, cable, internet. The entire lower-level (1,200 SF) is yours for your stay - you can even use the laundry machine! As much as guests would like to - we're a family with two toddlers so if you want play-dates, activities and the rest of the madness that comes with kids - we're your place Seward Park is one of Seattle's best neighborhoods.  20 minutes from downtown, home of the city's best park (Seward Park), 1.5 miles from light rail, on the Car2Go line.  Sleepy, safe, and lots of things to do within walking distance. 1.5 miles to light rail On the Car2Go boarder Right on bus route(s) We have 2 kids, the house can get noisy in the morning, but we're listing this mThis clean, quiet & cozy queen bedroom shares a bathroom with just one other room in a large multi-airBNB bedroom home. The neighborhood is a quiet Jewish community just a 1.1mile walk to the Othello light rail station & a .8mile walk to Seward Park. Your room is on the upper floor, up the stairs upon entering the house. Take a right through the doorway and your room is the second bedroom on the right. It is furnished with a queen bed, small fan, personal floorboard heaters and closet space with hangers. The bathroom is located on the same hallway as the bedroom for which you have booked. It will be the first door on the left when walking from the living area. The towels are either stacked on shelving or in cabinets within the corresponding bathroom. Guests have access to both levels in the home. Both kitchens, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, the backyard and upper deck. Basically the entire home. Please refrain from buying and storing multiple days groceries. There is jusThis clean, quiet & cozy full bedroom shares a bathroom with just two other rooms in a large multi-AirBnb bedroom home. The neighborhood is a quiet Jewish community just a 1.1mile walk to the Othello light rail station & a .8mile walk to Seward Park. Your room is on the lower floor, down the stairs upon entering the house. Take a right through the doorway and your room is the second doorway on the left. It is furnished with a full bed, small fan, personal floorboard heaters and closet space with hangers. The bathroom is located on the same hallway as the bedroom for which you have booked. It will be the first door on the left when walking from the living area. The towels are either stacked on shelving or in cabinets within the corresponding bathroom. Guests have access to both levels in the home. Both kitchens, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, the backyard and upper deck. Basically the entire home. Please refrain from buying and storing multiple days groceries. There is jusSwanky - Sexy! A custom built home designed with these words in mind comes with high end stainless appliances, relaxing cork floor 1st level and a gorgeous open concept 2nd story with chefs kitchen, deck & huge custom windows atop the trees. The stairway along with the entire floor of the upper level are covered with gorgeous African cherry wood flooring. There's also a front loading washer & dryer with detergent packs available should you wish to clean those dirty clothes. There are also plenty of dishes to feed the masses along with a Bosch dishwasher to wash away the evidence.   Everyone always ends up in the kitchen! With this open air design, even if  everyone decides to huddle up there's still plenty of room for the cook! The access code to the key box will be sent to you by email! You can reach us by email or phone should you need assistance.  You'll receive all contact sources in the confirmation email. So many nearby good things to enjoy!  Ark Lodge Theater for movies, nightlyPrivate, clean, sleeps 5, spacious sun deck, full kitchen & BBQ, WiFi, lake view, well-maintained home & yard. Easy access to parks, bus, light rail, airport, stadiums & downtown. Walk to Lk. beaches, restaurants & cafes. Quiet & pretty neighborhood. Sleeps 5 comfortably, 6 if two share the futon.  2 bedrooms / 2 bathrooms. Couch/futon is in the living room. Private Master Bedroom nestled behind the fireplace has a queen bed with views of Lake Washington, private bathroom, down comforter, deck access. Second bedroom has flat screen with basicTV, double bed, music stereo, BluRay DVD, CD, radio and lake views with deck access and full bathroom just outside the door. Livingroom is cozy with fireplace, Italian leather couch and additional modern couch seating that opens to a futon for extra sleeping capacity. Separate dining room boasts French doors opening to deck, Bluetooth speaker for iPods and green felt game table. The outdoor living space has views of Lake Washington, the Cascade MouBasement mother-in-law suite nestled between Seward Park and Columbia City. Cable TV & Wifi. Full kitchen.  Washer/Dryer & parking included. Private entrance with private patio and sitting area with gas BBQ. Studio basement mother-in-law suite with private entrance and private patio area.  We have refurbished and fully furnished the studio and is an ideal spot for people looking for a private and quaint place to stay off the beaten track.  We are a 10-15 minute walk from the Columbia City light rail station so you can come straight from the airport and reach downtown with ease. The studio has it's own entrance on the West side of the house.  Outside the entrance is a private patio area with chairs and a propane gas BBQ.   You will have complete privacy during your stay.  We include amenities for cooking, bathing, cleaning/laundry and even cell phone chargers if you need them.  You have a designated parking space in front of the garage but we are only a 10-15 minute walk from the light This lovely daylight lower level apartment (with its own private entry) is 2 blocks from the lake on a dead end street. It has a full kitchen, eating space and studio with queen bed and sofa bed. The bathroom includes washer and dryer. Studio and Kitchen are two separate rooms. Guests are welcome to share our large yard and patio table. We are happy to assist with any questions you have about Seattle. We are located in the Lakewood/Seward Park neighborhood, a short distance from Seward Park. (Swimming Beach, jogging, bike and hiking paths, playground, ampitheater) Restaurants, movie theater, bakery, grocery - 1 mile away in Columbia City. Columbia City has farmer's market from May - Oct. on Wednesday's from 3pm-7pm and  "Beatwalk" (live music at many venues) on the 2nd Sunday of each month in the summer.  Local retail area (8 minute walk-  Cafe Vita (coffee), Bent Burgers, Pizzuto's Cafe, Third Place Books (coming in Dec. 2015) Mt. Baker Rowing & Sailing Center - 20 minute walk along LView property located in one of Seattle's exceptional family oriented neighborhoods. Home has hardwood floors throughout, with wood burning fireplace in the living room, along with 55" flat-screen television with cable and wifi access.Their is a formal dinning room and the  kitchen includes stainless steel appliances and a breakfast nook bar for two.    Full laundry and covered deck. I meet you upon arrival, walk you through the space, and give you the key(s). All future contact is at your request.  Just blocks from beautiful Seward Park which contains one of the last surviving tracts of old-growth forest within the city of Seattle. Equally close is the Columbia City district, which is now a nationally recognized historic district. Just minutes from I-5 giving you fast access to Seattle, Bellevue, Redmond, Issaquah, Kent, Tukwila and Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.   convenient access to metro #50 and lite rail Home has central air and heating - unique in Seattle, and very desiraWelcome! Nestle in my artsy, comfortable, home, 5 minutes to I-5. Downtown is 15 minutes. Kayak in beautiful Lake Washington 1 mile away.  A playground  across the street for your children. An old van (ask if it is  working) for the kayaks! Choose  4-5 nights, Sunday afternoon to Friday afternoon or Monday night to Friday afternoon. If you want to stay Sunday, you can stay Sunday night for $50.00, but you will need to change the sheets from the last guests, as I will be out of town. I will leave you new sheets and new towels. You can put all the old sheets and towels in the closet. So Sunday night is $50.00 and then the cost is $150 for house rental Monday night through Thursday night (You can check-out anytime on Friday.)  If you want to start your visit on Monday,  at 3:00, I will have someone  clean the house before your arrival. I am looking for guests who want to stay all 4 nights: Monday through Friday. Or all 5 nights: Sunday through Friday with Sunday for $50.00. The previous gOne block from Lake Washington, close to Seward Park, brand new 1 bedroom basement apartment with private entrance and kitchenette. Brand New Seward Park Apartment New Everything Great Location Bright basement studio apt with private entrance and separate sleeping space. Living room area with fireplace and comfortable seating. Fully equipped kitchenette with new appliances and coffee.  Lovely new tiled private bathroom with large shower, fluffy white towels and complimentary shampoo and soaps. Queen size bed and linens. One block to Lake Washington. 2 blocks to neighborhood cafes and bus stop. 5 block walk to convenience store. We are in close proximity to beautiful Seward Park where you can often spot bald eagles soaring over the lake while you explore the many walking trails or visit the Audobon Visitor's Center.  The charming neighborhood of Columbia City is a 5 minute drive, and downtown Seattle is only 20 minutes, max. All are welcome. Feel free to contact me with any questions. T Beautiful guest room that sleeps 4  with a private full bathroom.  Guests can use the kitchen.  House is one block from Lake Washington and one mile from the light rail to downtown.  Hosts are willing to pick up  from the light rail.     The bedroom has room for 4 people. It is carpeted and has a private bath.  Guests can use the kitchen.  We also allow dogs.   Guests can use the wifi internet.  Bikes might be available to use. That depends on the guests.  We are willing to show people Seattle if they want. We are one block from Lake Washington and Seward Park.  We have a great view of Mt. Rainier and the lake.  Our neighborhood is friendly and there are great restaurants just 1 mile in either direction. We are one block from the bus to downtown and one mile to the train to the downtown and the airport House is in a quiet neighborhood and hosts are very friendly.  Continental breakfast served the first morning.We are pleased to offer our eco-renovated guest room, including easy parking, private entrance, "kitchenette," seating area, and dedicated bath. Family friendly and walking distance (.25 mi) to restaurants and coffee. We look forward to hosting you! - Please view reviews on our past properties. Please note, no cat on premises anymore! Cheers. -  Hello! My husband and I are happy to host you in our beautiful Seward Park home. We have a spacious private entrance, private room equipped with a very comfortable queen sized bed -- it's the same bed they use at W Hotels. It includes high thread count Egyptian cotton sheets! Just outside your room door is a bath which would be private to you during your stay. The room is located in our downstairs, which is a fully renovated walkout basement.  Our health matters to us, and yours does too. We recently did a complete remodel of this space, including installing comfortable and sustainable cork flooring, upgrading the windows with screened sliders Recently renovated basement apartment. The space is approximately 1200 sq ft and has unobstructed views of Lake Washington and Mt. Rainier. The space has over 30 ft of windows with high-end coverings enabling lots of light throughout the apartment. This space is attached to a larger family home which I have rented on Airbnb for two years now. If you would like to see my reviews from those stays please ask and I will provide a link.  Thanks Limited (URL HIDDEN)Seattle's most diverse neighborhood full of art and culture and beautiful spaces! Separate studio apartment with kitchenette, private bathroom, and lots of amenities. Located close to public transportation and a short drive to downtown.  Once a recording studio to old school Seattle musicians, we have now converted this 600 sqft detached space into a great place to stay. Comfortable for a couple, bring the kids on the sofa. Blocks away from Lake Washington, natural foods grocery store, coffee shops, great pizza, and buses. Easy access to downtown and airport via light rail or I-5 is just a few minutes away.  The comfy queen bed with organic cotton sheets easily sleeps two, and the sofa will fit another. There's ample floor space for sleeping bags if you're planning a slumber party! If you need some down time, there's a TV with Netflix and basic cable, and the bookshelf offers many books and board games for your entertainment. Kitchenette includes a mini fridge, toaster oven, microwave,Stand alone, close to everything, away from it all, peek-a-boo mountain views from bedroom. Walk to Caffe Vita, Seward Park, Lake Washington. Nearby Columbia City, grocery store, movie theater, restaurants and shops. Comfortably fits 2-4 people. 1 bedroom upstairs, fold down couch/bed in living room + additional couch. Porch with deck. Kitchen, bathroom, master bedroom, living room, porch, yard. Walk to PCC natural grocery store, Caffe Vita, Seward Park On bus line, close to light rail Kitchen, bathroom, master bedroom, living room, porch, yard. Guests should feel free to contact me with any questions. Otherwise, I will leave them be to enjoy their stay. Walk to PCC natural grocery store, Caffe Vita, Seward Park, nearby Columbia City. On bus line to downtown, Capitol Hill On bus line, close to light rail The house is 100 years-old and a bit funky.Nestled on a quiet dead end street near local shops and a bus line, our home sits on a large lot with views of Lake Washington and Seward Park. This is a great place for families with young kids - vegetable gardens, chickens, a play fort, and lawn. Our home was extensively renovated with repurposed and sustainable materials, and has an open floor plan for the common areas to maximize the view. There is one queen size bed in one bedroom, three toddler beds in the other bedroom, and a queen-size hide-a-bed in the living room. Our entire home is available. Access to the basement laundry can be arranged upon request. Our yard is unfenced and open for use. A small back deck and BBQ are also available. We are usually available by phone for any questions. Seward Park is a quiet and diverse neighborhood in Southeast Seattle with access to Lake Washington and Seward Park just blocks away, perfect for an urban nature exploration. The neighborhood commercial district, Columbia City, is just a shoAt the edge of a quiet dead end street, over looking Lake Washington/Seward Park comfort and class await you. This double loft +1 bed boasts - cathedrals,skylites, heated floors, claw foot tub , gas stove, W/D in unit. Artistic touches throughout, up to 6 . The space is a double loft with 2 queen bed in the studio area with cathedral ceilings and sky lights, it has a fold down leather couch in the main area with full kitchen, bath w/clawfoot tub,washer and gas dryer,along with a gas stove. Up two stairs is the 1 bedroom  with a king size bed in a soundproof room so you can sleep well! In all it sleeps up 6 fairly comfortable.  500 +sq ft . It is not a whole house, but it is separate and there is no adjoining doors and no shared kitchen. It is a 20x20 studio with a 14 x 10 bedroom and has 2 lofts in the studio area. It has a private entrance, you are welcome to roam the property, use the pool, jacuzzi, yard games, bocce, croquet, corn hole, , parking available too. I will interact as yoPrivate home to share. It has 2 bedrooms upstairs & large shared room  w/private bath downstairs. It has a moderate sized kitchen and small patio. It is in the lovely area of Seward Park which is approx. 15mins from downtown Seattle.Quiet neighborhood. One mile to Columbia City and Link Light Rail station. 6 blocks to the longest stretch of public access waterfront on Lake Washington. 3 miles to I-5 and I-90. 20 minutes by car to the airport. 1 & 1/2 blocks to the MS Connector. Private room in a quiet neighborhood with a queen bed for one or two people. The house was built in the 1940's. 20 minutes by car from Seatac airport.  By light rail, get off at the Columbia City station. Connect to Metro bus #50 and get off at Alaska Street. Walk up the hill on Alaska Street a block and a half.  Lots of street parking. I am recently retired, so I have time to share my experience of living in Seattle if you are interested, and hear about where you are from. Lakewood is a quiet lakeside community that features the longest stretch of public waterfront on Lake Washington. There are a couple of coffee shops and restaurants a few blocks away. Columbia City, one mile away, has many restaurants and venues. Seattle Magazine featureTHE PLACE Light-filled home with two bedrooms in a tastefully appointed Seward Park home.  In addition to vacation stays, Airbnb guests have used the home for photo shoots and private parties.  It's also been published as "House of the Week" in Seattle Metropolitan magazine (URL HIDDEN) Rooms include a brand new 47-inch flat screen w/ DVD, new king and queen mattresses, luxury linens, desk and free WIFI.  The home contains one beautifully remodeled bathroom spa. The rooms overlook a green belt with native forest.  The home easily accommodates longer term stays and I've hosted several guests for 6 weeks or longer. The bathroom spa includes a steam room for eucalyptus infused rejuvenation.  Luxurious towels, Italian sandstone tiles, and teak bench compliment your spa experience.  Home includes dining and living rooms, kitchen with gas range, and laundry facilities.  The deck has a gas grill and outdoor teak dining table.    House trained adult dogs are welcome inside the house.  They hav6 miles from downtown, discover a parklike neighborhood gem near Lake WA beaches and in the most diverse zip code in the US! Walk to shopping and great restaurants, music and more! Local open air market & shops nearby. No Smoking and no pets, please. A jewel of a location near the city but not in the noise or busy-ness. This location is very peaceful and restful with access to fun nearby! The property has a private lighted and covered entry with garden spaces, patios, pathways, and great outdoor seating. We have an outdoor fire pit on the patio with shared access. Your kitchen is directly available for indoor and outdoor eating experiences.  The kitchen is well equipped for preparation of food, includes a DW and medium-sized fridge. Everything is new! Access to the apartment is through an exterior entrance and has a keypad, for complete privacy. We live above and are occasionally entertaining outdoors, though we would check with guests to include them as they are interested. We have haThis clean, quiet & cozy full bedroom shares a bathroom with just two other rooms in a large multi-airBNB bedroom home. The neighborhood is a quiet Jewish community just a 1.1mile walk to the Othello light rail station & a .8mile walk to Seward Park. Your room is on the lower floor, down the stairs upon entering the house. Take a right through the doorway and your room is the second bedroom on the right. It is furnished with a full bed, small fan, personal floorboard heaters and closet space with hangers. The bathroom is located on the same hallway as the bedroom for which you have booked. It will be the first door on the left when walking from the living area. The towels are either stacked on shelving or in cabinets within the corresponding bathroom. Guests have access to both levels in the home. Both kitchens, living and dining rooms, laundry, bathrooms, the backyard and upper deck. Basically the entire home. Please refrain from buying and storing multiple days groceries. There is juLight filled room with twin beds in updated craftsman home across from Lake Washington and close to Seward Park. Spacious  private bath.   Perfect place for a beautiful  walk, run, or bike ride yet close to city attractions. Charming main floor bedroom with two twin beds, lots of windows, hardwood floors, a desk, dresser and closet.  Very large private bathroom down the hall has a combination tub/shower. and a place for your toiletries.    Guests may share  the family room/great room back deck,  and picnic table in back yard.   Limited use of kitchen (toaster, coffee maker, microwave).  No cooking.  We have a busy active life  but will try to answer any questions about the area  and do what we can to help you enjoy your stay.  LGBT and straight friendly.  We love our  neighborhood!   Across the street is  Lake Washington with its miles of lakeside running and biking paths.  Seward Park,  .5 miles south, has a 2.5  mile paved loop path,  trails through old growth forest and possible vieSpacious 3,200 sq ft. home with large deck and stunning views. Perfect for family gatherings. Fabulous location for summer Seafair festival. Close to parks, playgrounds, light rail train station and downtown. Sleeps 7 comfortably, with room for more. Spacious three levels to allow family members to spread out or all come together. The main floor has large living & dining rooms, a well-equipped kitchen and beautiful 1/2 bath. Outside is an enormous deck with grill, patio swing, dining table and spectacular views of Lake Washington & Mt. Rainier. Downstairs is entertainment space with TV, air hockey, games galore and a queen size bed. Upstairs are three bedrooms. The master bathroom has a luxurious jetted bathtub, glass dual shower and double sink. Take advantage of the seating area in the master bedroom & deck to enjoy the expansive views. The second bedroom has a twin bed and deck with views. The third bedroom has bunk beds and a deck as well. You will have access to the whole house, dSunny garden lvl apt (MIL) in Columbia City- I BR, sm stocked kitchen, living room, full bath. 3 blocks from Lake WA. Close to parks, shopping & restaurants. Includes pvt entrance/parking, closet & laundry access, yard. 2nd bed is an air mattress. Fantastic location. Lovely yard to relax in and sometimes we bbq with our guests! The space accommodates 4 people and has optional free private parking. There is a refrigerator, microwave, and coffee maker (coffee provided) and stocked kitchen. You are just a few blocks from the lake and bus line. It's a fun place to call home for a few nights, or more. :) You have access to the  entire lower level, including full bath, living room/kitchenette, bedroom, large closet, laundry, and a large yard. Off-street parking available at request for no additional cost. Your unit is the Mother in Law to our house. So, if you want us to be around or to need to ask questions, we are available! We will stay out of your way, but may have to access the laundry We offer a clean and well maintained guest suite in our family home. We welcome visitors who are interested in exploring the beauty and interest that Seattle offers. We look forward to your visit. Wifi is now available as of October 2015. Private,spacious and comfortable downstairs studio with lots of natural light and in-floor heat. Beautiful gardens surround home with seating for your enjoyment. All the comforts of home; with clean and comfortable surroundings and supplies. New and very comfy queen size bed. Hot water kettle, selection of teas, small fridge, snacks and a comfortable sofa, wifi. Located in Seattle's very cool Columbia City/Genesee neighborhood. Super easy to travel to and from SeaTac Airport via Light Rail. One mile to Columbia City's Light Rail Station from my home. Home located on busline #50. Easy and quick travel to downtown via light rail or bus, as well as outlying neighborhoods. Quiet, walkable neighborhood with lots to see and do (if you desire). Two blocks toOur 1909 four bedroom home comfortably sleeps 8 guests. Three common rooms, deck, yard, patio and hot tub provide ample space. House is on quiet residential street but walking distance to lake, restaurants, and shops. Approximately 2500 sqft of living area (4 bedroom and 2 baths) on two levels. Outside deck with eating area, garden, yard, hammocks, barbecue, fire pit and hot tub. 3 living rooms : including home theater room with 100 inch screen, cable TV and Xbox game system. Dining area with fully equipped kitchen. Plenty of space for parking with backyard for the family. The layout :  The main floor : kitchen, living, dining area , den, bathroom and main deck. Master bedroom with king size bed.  Lower level : 3 bedrooms (1 queen, 2 singles) with a bathroom and 2nd living area (queen size futon). Common room with home theater system. We are only accepting inquiries for at least 7 days. The guests will have access to the whole house, yard including hot tub and street parking with room Remodeled home by Lake Washington with beautiful views. Great for families and runners or walkers.  Updated kitchen and all the modern amenities.  Short walk to nearby Seward Park with hiking trails and playground.   This is our Personal Home *** King size bed in the master and full size bed in the second bedroom upstairs. The third bedroom is in the basement with a queen size bed.  There are full size bathrooms upstairs and downstairs. The living area upstairs has a 55 inch TV, Xbox, and stereo  The basement has a separate living area with a 40 inch TV and stereo.  There is a loft area above the kitchen with a desk and a deck with a great view of the lake.  Out back is a patio, a small yard and a gas barbecue. We have a large sofa upstairs and one downstairs that is comfortable enough to sleep on.    There is plenty of parking on the street. Whole House  This is our Personal Home. We will not be there and will leave space for clothes and belonging's  in each room We will not be here dLocated in a brand new apartment building, this cozy urban 1 bedroom is spacious & is even pet friendly! The rooftop features beautiful views of the Seattle skyline. Apt is on floor 5 of 6 with free street parking. Building is Youngstown Flats - look it up for full listing of amenities! New building in West Seattle! This space is pet friendly with a dog run located next to the building. Guests have access to apartment rooftop that overlooks downtown Seattle, gym & theater room located in the building. This cozy urban 1 bedroom is in a brand new apartment complex, conveniently located close to Alki Beach, West Seattle Bridge & the Junction area bars & restaurants 2 blocks away from bus taking you right downtownYour very own room and bath to use at night while you explore the city by day. Shared common area with fully equipped kitchen, tv and stereo. A quiet and private 1 bedroom and personal bathroom on the top floor of our 3 story townhouse. Common living room, patio with bbq and kitchen. I would love to give you pointers and tips for getting around the city. Close to everything Main bus to downtown is a 2 minute walk up the street. Buses run every 10 minutes.This is a private, third-floor room with private bath in a new West Seattle townhouse.  The house is a dog-friendly house, so please don't book if you don't like dogs.  The setting is relatively private and quiet with a cafe less than a block away and several restaurants within a few blocks. There is easy access to the airport and downtown, and if you didn't drive, you'll have a quick bus trip downtown.  Car2Go vehicles are often parked in the neighborhood, but they can be a bit of a walk. The room is a nice-sized private bedroom with its own bath (shower only, no tub).  It has a full-size bed on the third floor with the laundry room (the master bedroom is also on the third floor, but the two bathrooms separate the guest bedroom for privacy and quiet.  Like most Seattle houses, there is no air conditioning, but it's seldom needed here. NOTE: please make sure you have a Verified ID before sending a request. Third floor bedroom and bath (exclusive use by traveler).  Second floor living, A comfortable room near the West Seattle Bridge, about 10 minutes from downtown and 20 minutes from the airport. Our house is 2 blocks from bus stops, bike trails, cafes, and a convenience store.  Alki Beach and water taxi are close.  Your own heater Your own room in a house shared with us. We have one twin sized bed (38" × 74.5"). Two people are welcome to stay if you can accommodate in the space. We can provide more blankets and an extra pillow if one of you wants to sleep on the carpet.  You're free to use the washer and drier, the kitchen, the living room, the shower, and you can park right outside the entrance. No TV but we have WiFi. :) 4 bus lines right around the corner. Bicycle trails down our street. Water taxi is close. Check in and Check out are flexible if there are no other guests. We can keep your bags for you regardless.Private bedroom and bathroom with access to living room and kitchen in a modern home located in West Seattle. Easy access to downtown Seattle and Bellvue. 1 parking space included. Several nearby busroutes.Our one bedroom apt. in the middle level of a house is cozy, with a kitchenette, full bath and bedroom with queen bed and modern closet.  On a greenbelt and across from a park, this green neighborhood is 15 min. from downtown and close to busline. Come stay with creative, environmentally-conscious hosts who provide you with a relaxing atmosphere at a convenient location in West Seattle. Quiet, 1 bedroom apartment on middle level of home with private entrance, kitchenette, cozy bedroom, and full bath. * 20 min. from airport and 10 min. to downtown Seattle  * close to several bus stops * Off-street parking  * Wi-Fi, Ethernet, and DirecTV  * Convenience store, cafés, and bar within walking distance  * Washer and dryer in garage  * Organic cereal, oatmeal and almond/soymilk provided Apartment features queen-sized bed and down comforter.  Artwork made by family members decorates the space. There are bamboo floors and several types of energy-efficient heating including a BioSmart infrared heWelcome to this newly remodeled townhome w/ 1 spacious bedroom and 1.5 bath. Features include large kitchen w/ granite counters and wood floors and gas fireplace on the main level. My husband and I bought this townhome 6 month ago after it got fully remodeled. This is the primary home for us and since we are taking a full month vacation, we decided to Airbnb the home out for the first time. We were very excited to finally become a host after always being using it when we were traveling around the world.  This home is decorated with modern and sleek furnitures, and is located in a very convenient neighborhood.  AMENITIES:        -Fireplace and heater        -Full kitchen with utilities        -High efficient washer/dryers        -TV (Netflix and Chromecast) and Internet ACCOMMADATION:        -The queen bed with ultra thick memory form mattres in master bedroom can comfortably fit 2 adult        -The leather sofa in living room can spaciously fit 1 adult with back cushions removed. The sEnter a new self-contained, furnished suite. Making it easy, cozy & private for 1 or 2 w/ wifi, a full kitchen, full laundry & a new queen bed. Steps to a bus line & 15 min to dwntwn, stadiums, Pike Place & a 20 min drive to the airport. A real home! Enjoy a new one bedroom apartment, separate and private. No sharing a kitchen or even a bathroom. It has a beautiful kitchen, a new queen size bed, a full bath, & all of the amenities including slab counters, gas cooking, dishwasher, microwave & full in-unit laundry. The space is fully furnished so you can stay in when you want to or go out. We have planned check-in & check-out times. If you need different times just let us know and we'll try to accommodate. You'll have a dedicated wifi network as well as cable TV with access to Netflix and any of your Hulu, Vudu, Pandora, etc.... accounts. Even though it's a part of our home, the whole space is yours exclusively. The apartment has a separate entrance for your convenience & privacy. We areThis private suite is surrounded by nature and is still only minutes from downtown.  Newly renovated and full of everything you need to make your stay enjoyable. There are very few places so close to downtown Seattle where you feel like you are out in the country.  This is one of them.  This mother-in-law suite is on the lower level of our house and opens up to a lush green area.  There's a full kitchen complete with dish washer and garbage disposal.  TV is also provided with access to Netflix, over-the-air HD channels and a large selection of movies. The location is perfect for secluded privacy and for quick trips downtown.  Whether driving your car, or taking the bus, downtown is just minutes away. The nightly price is for 1 or 2 guests sharing the bed.  Amenities: * Queen-sized bed with fresh linens * 1/2 Bath with towels * TV with Netflix, movies and HD channels * High-speed wireless Internet * Fridge, microwave, full-sized oven, dish-washer * Free street parking Guests have accessThe Triplex is extremely close to the historical tourist attraction Alki Beach which has beautiful views of the city.  Its only an 8 min drive to down town. 120 bus goes straight to downtown and is conviniently located right across the street. Free parking  Washer and dryer available 8 min away from downtown Seattle Quiet neighborhood Right next to metro bus (120 to downtown) Extremely close to Alki beach One block away from the west seattle golf course Washer and dryer Free parking Fully stocked kitchen with cooking supplies Cable tv WiFi Will be present in the other unit during your stay Very quiet and low key neighborhood. Extremely close to downtown Seattle The 120 bus route is located across the street from the apartment. This Bus Route Takes You Directly To DowntownHello All! This is a beautiful West Seattle Home in a quiet neighbor hood with a view of Downtown and close to all the action West Seattle has to offer. It is also only a 10 mins bus ride to Downtown and a 25 mins to Alki! Come!Urban Chic awaits you! Urban Chic is located in the heart of West Seattle....the small town located just a skip away from downtown Seattle. The urban styled 2 bedroom apartment has just been totally and beautifully renovated for you. A brand new full size kitchen, bathroom and floors await you and your family for a fun summer vacation.  Urban Chic is located in one of West Seattle's older neighborhoods, Less then one block to major bus route to down town Seattle, stadiums, Pikes Place market, and Lite Rail to the airport.  10 minutes to downtown Seattle and 3 minutes to Alki beach with access by bus, ferry, or bicycle, is a perfect place for you to enjoy your next vacation, family visit or business trip! Urban Chic comes complete with a full kitchen, dining area, two bedrooms, one with a Queen Size bed and the other smaller bedroom with a full size (double) bed, a full bathroom and a lovely living room which features a Queen Size pull out couch and seating area with a 42" TV.  You haveCome stay in an architect's new townhome, located 8 min by car and 12 min by bus from downtown. Full use of kitchen, living room, laundry, 1.5 baths. Accommodates 4 people, 2 in guest room in convertible king bed, 2 on large sectional couch or self provided air mattress. My newer townhome is on a well-traveled main street in a residential area with free street parking. This is my primary residence whenever it is not booked by Airbnb. My bedroom (the 2nd bedroom in the house) is locked, but everything else is available for your use. The street is well lit and safe at night for public transit, driving, and cab/Uber service. Easily accessible by car and bus, this affordable getaway makes your stay in Seattle a breeze.  From the airport my home is 15-20 minutes without traffic and 8 min from downtown by car. The bus line runs every 10-15 min and takes 12-13 min to get to the center of downtown if it's not rush hour. The bus stop is conveniently located only a few houses south of my front dEntire 1 bedroom apartment on top floor of home with private entrance, full kitchen, large master bedroom, and full bath. Driveway parking, close to bus stop, 10min to downtown, 5 min to shopping and great food. On greenbelt with park across street. Come stay with creative, environmentally-conscious hosts who provide you with a relaxing atmosphere at a convenient location in West Seattle. Quiet, 1 bedroom apartment on top floor of home with private entrance, full kitchen, large master bedroom, and full bath with filtered shower. * 20 min. from airport and 10 min. to downtown Seattle * close to several bus stops * Off-street parking * Wi-Fi, Ethernet, and DirecTV * Convenience store, cafés, and bar within walking distance * Gas fireplace for heat and ambiance * Washer and dryer in garage * Organic cereal, oatmeal and almond/soymilk provided  Apartment features queen-sized bed with hypoallergenic feather bed topper, down pillows, and down comforter for super coziness.  There is a futon aYou couldn't ask for a more convenient location! Our one-bedroom apartment is nestled in a quiet neighborhood at the north end of beautiful West Seattle. Walk 1/2-block up the street for a spectacular panoramic view of the moon over Elliot Bay. Our location offers quick access to the stadiums for Seahawks football and Mariner's baseball! Luna Park Upper occupies the second floor in this shared 1920's home. One bedroom with a queen bed and a daybed allow Luna Park Upper to sleep up to three guests. The living, dining, and kitchen areas are set up with an open floor plan to maximize space.  A bathroom completes the suite. Towels and linens are provided, as well as wireless high-speed internet and satellite TV.  The simple kitchen includes a coffee and enough kitchen gear to prepare a simple meal.  A portable crib is available upon request.  Luna Park Upper is a pet-free rental. The main floor of the house, Luna Park Lower, is a completely separate vacation rental with its own entrance. TEnjoy this private oasis just minutes from downtown Seattle, sandy Alki beach and SeaTac airport! It comfortably fits two and is a great base for exploring the greater Seattle area. Just two blocks from bus to downtown or the water taxi shuttle. This bright and airy cottage has everything you need to make your stay comfortable. Enjoy a glass of wine on your private patio or cozy up to the outdoor fire pit. Walking distance from bars/restaurants/shops and bus route. Shared backyard, private patio, parking spot if needed. Live on main house on property but can communicate via text/phone to walk through access and any questions.Enjoy your own private bedroom and bathroom on your own floor in West Seattle. Full-sized bed and full bathroom. Half-block walk to bus downtown, Alki Beach, stadiums, California Junction and Pioneer Square (~15 minutes each ride). Enjoy a private bedroom and bathroom on your own floor in the North Delridge neighborhood of West Seattle. The home was built in December 2014, so the space is brand new! The bedroom includes a full-size bed, closet, and drawers for storage. The bathroom includes a shower and bathtub. In addition, we have plenty toiletries in case you forgot anything! You have full access to your own private bedroom and bathroom. The kitchen, living area, and outside areas are shared spaces that you are welcome to use. Also, feel free to use the washer and dryer. We will both be around during your stay, however, we both work full time during the week and won't intrude on your space. Feel free to make yourself at home!  Kendra works in genomics and Charlie is a professor of sQueen bed super comfortable in an art filled room. Shared bathroom. Host is easy going and a massage therapist. Enjoy coffee and a lite comp breakfast on the  balcony. West Seattle location. 10-15 minute drive to downtown, 25 Min bus ride. Pro LGBT. The house is light filled, many windows, sliding door to a covered lanai which has a vegetable and herb container garden. Tables and chairs are reminiscent of family gatherings out on the covered porch. Morning coffee and a lite fare breakfast of yogurt, cereal, milk and juice complementary. Currently I have an air conditioner running to maintain cool in the home, during the hot season. Guest has a key to the front door, which gives access the main area of the house, including the lanai, the kitchen the dining room, guest room and bathroom. As the host, I usually will greet you with a key, and a welcome. If I happen to be in  with a massage client or off the property, I will leave instructions on how to access a key. Wi-Fi code is attached Located near the heart of the city; surrounded by nature. Alki beach is your backyard, and the quaint but bustling junction of W.S. are your playgrounds. For nightlife, downtown is a short ride away, but quiet rooftop views are your private oasis. At the Sky Lounge - Enjoy the view, full kitchen, comfy seating, a large screen LCD TV and a dining table fit for a feast are in the foreground. Two walls of glass, including one that opens entirely, un-frame the view in the background: panoramic views of Elliott Bay, West Seattle and the downtown Seattle skyline. On the roof deck - Saunter from the Sky Lounge to the huge roof deck. Casual outdoor furniture set amongst rooftop trees beckons for lounging, lunch-eating, and skyline view gazing. Grill supper or sit and warm your toes by the fire pit. In the lobby. Designed as a community great room, the lobby isn't just a building entry. Play a game of shuffleboard. Curl up by the fireplace with a warm cup of coffee. In the movie/gaming theater.My roommate and I have a small town home in West Seattle. We have an extra room downstairs with a daybed. The room has a desk in it but not much else. The bathroom is upstairs and is shared. We have a kitchen that you are welcome to make full use of! The nice thing about West Seattle is that it is quiet but still close to downtown. We have a bus stop about 20 yards from us with a bus to downtown that comes quiet often (every 20 minutes usually). To get downtown it only takes about 15 minutes and if you enjoy riding bikes there are some lovely paths. We do have a dog so if you are allergic this may not be ideal for you. Otherwise, we are both respectful of other people and you are welcome to watch movies with us (we don't have cable) or just hang out. We both work jobs that sometimes have strange hours but with enough notice can show you around the city! The one thing that we do ask is that you take a look at the check in/check out times. We are flexible with enough notice.  Once you haThis cozy townhouse is perfectly located in West Seattle: minutes from I-5, downtown and the airport.  Tucked away in a small complex with a greenbelt in back, there is plenty of privacy and quiet.  This house is great for business travelers, vacationers or out-of-town family or friends. LOWER FLOOR Hardwood floors Open-plan living room Sleeper sofa, opens into luxurious queen size air matress Gas fireplace Dining area and stocked kitchen kitchen inludes microwave, toaster oven, coffee maker, dishwasher, oven/range Half bathroom UPPER FLOOR Master bedroom and bathroom  - King bed  - Comfortable sitting area 2nd bedroom and bathroom  - Queen bed Laundry room OTHER FEATURES Charming patio Attached garage parking 4 night minimum duration for stays that overlap major holidays (Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Years, Easter, 4th of July) The entire house is available for guest use, along with the outside yard/patio and the attached garage. We live in the adjoining townhouse and want to make youThis small cottage is situated with a park on 2 sides and a city pea patch across the street. Towering trees provide beauty and shade in the front yard. Minutes from golf courses, creek trails and protected land, and Seattle's best sandy beach! This small, quaint 1940s cottage is fully furnished with a brand new queen size bed and brand new sofa. Although larger, the space is similar to a studio with the couch and bed in the largest room of the house, and dining and kitchen area in a separate room. The sofa folds out to accommodate two more guests for a total of 4!  Wake up in your own private space and cook your own breakfast in a kitchen fully stocked with an electric stove, microwave, coffee pot, flatware, cooking utensils, and glasses for beverages of any type.  Free wifi is provided for you to stay connected, along with a collection of board games if you want to stay put. A stacked washer/dryer with all natural laundry soap allows you to keep everything fresh during your trip and A private room & bath with full kitchen access. Just blocks from public transportation. The "West Seattle" neighborhood is one of the most dynamic and growing parts of the city... 3 Bedroom - 2 1/2 Bath  Half of a duplex - tidy and well appointed - queen bedroom w/ cable TV & free wireless Separate bath with amenities (towels, soap, shampoo, etc. provided) Full kitchen & laundry facilities Quiet residential neighborhood in West Seattle 2 blocks from bus stop w/ service to downtown Seattle in 10 minutes   Trader Joe's 0.9mi. - public park & golf course 2 blocks away Inside Seattle car2go zone Private Bath Full use of kitchen Come & go as you please I work evenings, so I am often away when guests come and go. However, I enjoy meeting and interacting with guests without being intrusive. Quiet residential neighborhood (home is on a cul-de-sac) - woods & trails very near - quick access to the heart of downtown Seattle Bus stop just a couple blocks away with only one stop before reaching dowMake this your home base to explore Seattle. Private bedroom and bath.  Ample free street parking. 5 min walk to bus, 12 min to downtown.  Your host is passionate about travel and more than happy to answer questions you have or make recommendations. Upon arrival, you will find a quiet, restful, light filled room on the third floor of the house.  Furnishings are elegant and modern with organic shapes and attention to detail.  A firm, yet cozy full size bed provides a wonderful night of sleep. The bathroom is private and adjacent to the bedroom.  Both rooms are on the same floor as the host's bedroom and bathroom. I provide: hair dryer, shampoo, soap, hand & body lotion, shower cap, fluffy towels, bottled water, trail mix/granola bars and tips for fun things to do in the neighborhood, in Seattle and nearby. Keyless entry to the home.  A code will be provided once booking is confirmed.  The second floor of the townhouse has two living areas.  This is a shared space with your host.  The kiLovely, spacious one bedroom apartment with modern amenities. Located conveniently in West Seattle: .05 miles from the Alaska Junction shops and restaurants, 2 miles from beautiful Alki Beach, 5 miles from downtown and with easy metro transit access Beautiful, clean, Zen decor. Whole apartment plus laundry room and small on-site gym. I will be available via email. West Seattle is a beautiful area with lots of amazing views of the Sound and cascades and plenty of amazing restaurants and shops. There is a wonderful farmers market here on the weekend. It is home to the city's most famous and beautiful Alki beach where you can rent bikes or paddle boards, get certified to scuba dive, or grab happy hour or coffee, or build a bonfire at night! There is a free water taxi to downtown from Alki. There is also a rapid ride bus stop right out front that will take you downtown quickly and then you can connect to all transit including the lightrail to and from the airport. This is a home with a dogComfy stand-alone studio with covered parking in a great West Seattle location. Within a mile of California street restaurants and shops, across the street from Camp Long Park, on the major bus line, minutes away from Downtown Seattle by bus or car.Only 10 minutes by car and 15 mins by bus from downtown. Shared use of kitchen, living room, laundry, and 1.5 baths Recently featured in Las Vegas Blog, BrunchNetwork! Check out the article :) -Thanks Jessica! Instagram: Treeceinator My newer townhome is on a well-traveled main street in a residential area with free street parking directly in front of the property. The street is well lit and safe at night for public transit, driving, and cab/Uber service. Easily accessible by car and bus, this affordable city getaway makes your stay in Seattle a breeze.  The guest room has a twin size day bed which converts into a king size bed at night for people traveling in pairs. Fresh bed linens and blankets are provided. Brand new mattresses and linens for the bed were purchased less than a year ago and are comfortable and clean. Towels and washcloths are provided in the bathroom. Shampoo, conditioner, and body wash is provided for your use. Please note there is only one full bathroom in the housThis cute 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom craftsman-style house is located in West Seattle, but is less than 4 miles from downtown Seattle! The 1918 house and yard make you feel like you're in the countryside, but in fact the house is quite close to Seattle! The Space This cute two bedroom, one bathroom craftsman-style house is located in West Seattle, but is less than 4 miles from downtown Seattle! The 1918 house and yard make you feel like you're in the countryside, but in fact the house is quite close to Seattle's port and industrial SODO district. The Neighborhood Located in West Seattle, this home offers the best of both worlds: It's in a residential area called Pigeon Point, but is still close enough to the bustling downtown area! Just below the Industrial District West, there is a small grocery, coffee shop, gym, neighborhood bar, and boardgame shop within walking distance of the home. The Alki pedestrian trail is also nearby, as well as running and walking paths/trails.  Getting Around TWest Seattle! So close to the city but you'd think you were in a small town. I love my space it's airy light and lots of natural lighting. Two bedroom condo, queen size bed, cable, internet. Patio has BBQ, kitchen is small but highly functional, W/D. West Seattle has everything including a wonderful Farmer's market on Sundays. The condo is right near the bus line that goes to stadium, downtown Seattle and West Seattle. Bus fare runs about $3 per person per every 2 hours using the bus line. You can purchase a bus pass and pre-load it. If you are driving there is street side parking.  Please let me know if you have any questions there are tons of options with transportation in this town and I am familiar with them all.Lush private 1930's home, only 10 mins to downtown! Surrounded by flowers & fruit trees, relax in this Pacific Rim-influenced room with private bath, separate entrance & an outdoor relaxation area right on the 120 bus line. Just blocks to parks, arts center & restaurants. Alki Beach & the water taxi  nearby. I have tried to create a verdant refuge from the hustle-bustle by nestling plantings on practically every inch of ground and incorporating unusual ethnic decor.  Hummingbirds flutter around the flowers and feeders and two large dogs "patrol" the grounds.   Due to the number of breakables and antiques in addition to the presence of two large dogs, families with children under 14 are encouraged to explore other options.  If you are traveling with pets, I can recommend a local place to board them. Private entrance & bedroom, private bath, private living room, front yard garden paths, private outdoor dining/meditation space in a shared house. Enjoy mini-fridge stocked with fruit, granoMaster suite in quiet West Seattle Neighborhood. This room is ideal for couples or individuals who need a longer rental. The room is a very spacious master bedroom with large private bathroom. The room has three closets as well!This cozy 2 BD apartment, minutes from Downtown Seattle and Alki Beach, has a private entrance, fully functioning kitchen, large bath, WI-FI, and a cozy living room making it perfect for an extended stay for couples and up to groups of four. Lower apartment in a duplex with private, street-level access. Stylishly appointed with creative finishes and art. Entire apartment is yours as well as access to upper porch, where you can see downtown Seattle, the Duwamish River and glimpse Mount Rainier when she's visible. The back yard is intermittently accessible depending on projects being built. (We are artists with studios on site and sometimes construction happens there.) We love meeting people and are happy to give any advice on the goings on in Seattle. We are active in the arts and often know of interesting events. Living right upstairs, we are easy to find if you need anything. Riverside is a historic/maritime/industrial neighborhood just over the West Seattle Bridge at the mouth of theI've written "This is Your Home" in Danish to Arabic. Close to great restaurants, Maple Leaf is on a major busline and a short walk to the local college and mall. You can quickly be in downtown Seattle  quickly on several different bus routes. This is a medium security apartment building in a quiet, quaint neighborhood in the north section of the city. There is elevator access to my second floor apartment. You will have a full private bathroom with shower and tub. These accommodations are immediately accessed at the entrance. Warm and inviting home, free wi-fi, books to read. Owner will be on premise at times but comes and goes during the day. Close to everything and on major bus routes. LGBT Friendly Walking distance to Northgate Mall, beautiful new Maple Leaf Reservoir Park down the street, busline in front of building. Great restaurants, Cloud City Coffee, and Native art galleries.   I interact with my guests as much as they like. People often ask about my art, which can lead to allThis is a private big bedroom with one full bathroom used exclusively in the heart of Northgate. Convenient to everything.The home is located just north of the University District, in a sleepy little neighborhood called Maple Leaf. Many of the streets in the neighborhood are tree-lined, and the home itself is tucked away with a "secret garden" sort of feel. Everyone who visits our home seems to comment on its surprising 'hidden' feeling. Just minutes from downtown, greenlake and the university district, the large laurel hedge surrounding the small property hides you away in a garden, complete with four roaming little hens (Mabel, Maxine, Munk and Mo, our girls).  Your room is a well lit cozy room with a comfortable queen size bed (a brand new Tuft & Needle organic 10" mattress), and a closet. It is right across the hallway from the shared bathroom. It is light and airy, and a You will have a key to the house, and can come and go as you please.  Please feel free to enjoy the yard, just keep an eye out for the hens and be sure to keep the gates shut. Let us know if there is anything else you'll need! We wouI had to put up a picture of my room because the previous roommate has been living in the master bedroom. The one I am renting out is the master bedroom which is bigger and with real bed.Charming custom craftsman in super safe Maple Leaf area, close to Green Lake, U.W. & major bus lines that easily gets you to the Downtown Seattle, Convention Center and Safeco Field. Walking distance to great restaurants, coffee shops & a big park! This is a very comfortable and quiet 4 bedroom house, with a beautiful private backyard, with western exposure views of the Olympics and beautiful Sunsets! It's great for evening BBQs and morning coffee. The yard is filled with flowers and fruit trees.  The kitchen is newly remodeled with granite countertops, a Viking gas stove, dishwasher, an insta hot (hot water on demand) for tea and coffee, and is well furnished with cooking utensils.   The deck has a large BBQ, just outside the french doors, as well as a dining table and heat lamp for breakfast, lunch or evening dinners. The backyard also has a very nice HotSpring hot tub that seats six, which is completely private for your enjoyment! You will also have an enjoyable time our family roomThis is our neighborhood and we love it! Our two bedroom mother-in-law apartment is a short walk from coffee shops, the Maple Leaf Reservoir Park, craft cocktail bars and pubs. We're also blocks from bus lines to downtown, UW and Capitol Hill.    Everyone who visits our home seems to comment on its surprising 'hidden' feeling.  Just minutes from downtown, greenlake and the university district, the large laurel hedge surrounding the small property hides you away in a garden, complete with four roaming little hens (Mabel, Maxine, Munk and Mo, our girls). The downstairs mother in law has a private entrance, fully stocked kitchen, tv, dvd player, plethora of dvds, a leather couch, dining table that can seat up to  6,  two separate bedrooms with queen beds and a full bathroom.  You'll have the perfect hideaway to come home to after your days exploring the city and its wonderful surrounding neighborhoods. Your private entrance comes in right at the entrance to the shared laundry room.  You aContemporary studio apartment with lots of natural light, second floor of our Mapleleaf home. Separate entry from raised private deck. Walk to Cafes, Restaurants.  Five minutes drive to UW and 10 minutes from Downtown This is a unique space in that it is up high, making it cozy without feeling closed in. I would describe it as private but not secluded, sharing walls with our home space so its more appropriate for guests looking to relax or for business travelers than for late night partiers. Coming and going at any hour is totally fine just be aware that your space is on the second floor over a bedroom,  moderate volume walking and talking is no problem on stairs or in the space. It is a complete studio apartment, becoming a living room space by day and a bedroom by night.  Currently we have a very unique and comfortable sofa bed. It is convertible into one or two twin beds or a queen size bed. It is easy to convert not requiring a lot of strength. It has a mattress that holds its shapOur young family of 4 welcomes you to Maple Leaf. Enjoy your own private section of our home in a quiet neighborhood near Greenlake UW. The Studio has a clean & modern industrial feel. Stained concrete floors, TV, its own kitchen, microwave, stove & full laundry. Private entrance and free off-street parking. It's only a 5 to 10 minute walk to shopping, coffee shops, parks, a movie theater & grocery stores. There are bus lines right off our street and we are less than a mile from I-5.This is a futon in my living room. I've been hosting via Couchsurfing for several years using this space and it's been quite popular. We're located very near a transit hub, shopping, gym, other activities. Wooden privacy screen. Full kitchen access. You will enjoy the convenience and surprising quiet of this location! Also, I keep my place clean (see the reviews for my other listing) so if you like your place clean-clean-clean, stay here. Full access to kitchen, laundry, bathroom, building pool. I'm typically hands-off unless you need help. I can be hands-on if you request. This is a commercial and residential neighborhood; statistically considered blue collar. Our building has a run-down looking exterior (it will be remodeled in 2016). Many residents are university and college students and immigrants (there are many Saudis and Ethiopians, for example). It's incredibly convenient to shopping and services (3-5 minute walk to bus stops, the mall, to the grocery, library, to shops and resThe place is nice and spacious with furniture. The apartment is located at the center of the Northgate mall where everything is convenient and walkable.  The apartment is very clean and spacious. You are welcome to use all the kitchen supplies. You will have access to the pool, the gym. I will provide clean towel. The neighborhood is nice and safe. The mall, grocery story, bus stops are just 5 mins away. The view around the apartment is beautiful.  The transit center is 10 mins away and the buses there will take you around the city. 41 is 5 mins away and will take you to downtown within 20 mins.  I like to share everything. I want to be your friend. Cute private bedroom with bathroom next door. Large deck with view of the Cascade mountains to the East. Near bus lines and 10 minutes from Univ. of Washington Campus. Short walk to large open park and coffee shops. Private room with closet space. Great deck with view of the Cascade Mountain ranges. Easy access to bus routes. Convenient bus transportationLocated in Seattle, this is a cozy, clean and very comfortable "home away from home" for traveling business professionals, visitors to Seattle for a short-term stay and is ideal for a single person or a couple. The private room & private bath is furnished with: - Queen-sized bed with clean and high-end linens - Small refrigerator - Microwave - Television, cable, DVD & WiFi - Desk & chair - Sink & mirror in the room in addition to the bath sink - Large closet - Use of hot & cold water cooler and washer/dryer - Directly adjacent to your private bathroom The location yields very easy access to I-5, 8-10 minutes from downtown Seattle and 5 miles from The University of Washington.   Within walking distance of shopping/restaurants and a short drive to access   SR- 520 and I-90. This room/bath is comparable to a cozy & comfortable hotel room rather than a shared living situation. Each day, any dishes you use can be set on a tray directly outside of your room and will be promptly replaced withA great place to stayThis 1 bed/1 bath apartment is conveniently located within walking distance to shopping and dining. It has a private queen bed, pull out couch, and single futon that can sleep up to 5 people comfortably. This luxury apartment is right off the I-5. This apartment gets great natural light all day. Access to a large patio for morning coffee. The kitchen opens into the dining and living space over a nice breakfast bar. The living room has a pullout couch that can sleep 2 people comfortably along with a single fold out futon that can sleep 1 person. The bedroom has one queen bed, comfortably sleeping 2 people.  The bathroom is conveniently equipped with an in unit washer and dryer as well as towels for your stay. Access to entire home. I can provide you with a list of things to see and do in Seattle area. Everything you need is conveniently located within walking distance. i.e. 24hr Fitness, Northgate Mall, Target, Best Buy, Ross, QFC, etc. Conveniently located off I-5 and public transportaA private bedroom with shared bathroom (with another) in the heart of Northgate.The spare bedroom in our adorable 2 bedroom home in Maple Leaf is open & we would love to share it with you! We live next to green space with & just 1 block from a nature preserve. Maple Leaf is a sweet community, and we're on several bus lines. The room has two windows and a surprisingly comfortable futon which accommodates two easily. You can also use the pullout couch in the living room. Feel free to cook in the kitchen or hang out in the living room during your stay. Plus the back yard is pretty great- we just love having a little slice of the outdoors available to us. Total access to the private guest room. Shared use of the living room, kitchen, backyard and bathroom. We can interact as little or as much as you'd like. My partner v and I are pretty friendly but we're often busy in the evening so we may not overlap too much depending. But we'd be happy to help with anything you need, or with advice for your time in Seattle. Maple Leaf is quiet and sweet, with lots of small houses This apartment is in the basement of our family home in the Maple Leaf neighborhood of North Seattle. We are close to public transit, 15 minutes from downtown and walking distance to shops and restaurants. Sleep comfortably in the quiet queen bedroom, relax in the living area while you watch your favorite Netflix or Amazon shows or cook in the small but efficient kitchen. The space is in the basement of our family home. We have two boys, ages 7 and 3. We use the space when we do not have guests, so there are toys available for children to use during the stay. They can also be put away if you would prefer to not see toys. There is a second room across from the main bedroom that can be used for a pack n' play, which we have available, or a blow up mattress (also available). The basement is yours during your stay and has a private entrance. We do use the laundry downstairs, but only will during your stay if you are here for 5 nights or longer and will make arrangements to make it convenieThornton Place apartment is a very convenient place to live in. It is located near the Cinema, Mall, Shopping district, College, and Transit Center. It is only 1 minute away from I5 ( Seattle Highway ). All furnitures are provided (1 Queen, 1 Twin) Our place is a family-friendly apartment. We provide the guest with various entertainment such as X-box, cable Tv, Internet and some family board games. Northgate area is well known for its shopping center and transit center. It is incredibly easy for our guest to access the public transportation from our building. The transit center to downtown area is just 1 min away. You are able to access everything inside the apartment room. Be happy if you need something or have a question about the room. We will be there to make your night the most comfortable. located just in front of Regal Cinema 1 min away from one of the biggest mall in Seattle 1 min away from Northgate Transit Center 5 min away from Target, Bestbuy, Petco, Ross, and many more GooOur modern cottage is a perfect tiny home with an open floor plan, barn doors to close off the bedroom. French doors open to a garden patio where urban chickens wander.  Parks, trails, bars and the bus line are all just blocks away. We're newlyweds and this is our perfect tiny home we've been crafting.  With vaulted ceilings over the livingroom and bedroom, barn doors that slide open and shut to give privacy, french doors that look out at our garden, sleek wooden fans, wood floors and copper accents - to us, it's 450sf of tiny perfection.  Curious what it's really like to live in one of those "Tiny Homes" - come find out in Seattle.  This is our home - so it's fully stocked with everything.  Please be courteous, but enjoy yourself.  Sit outside at the garden bistro table while you enjoy your breakfast or stay inside the light-flooded home and relax. We'll have fresh eggs, milk and cream waiting just for you.  We'll be just a few minute drive away if you need anything! Our cozy one bedroom apartment has stainless steel appliances washer, dryer,flat screen tv that will make you feel right at home. Lots of great Amenities Game room, theater room, pool table and a conference room. Shopping mall and restaurants nearby. One bedroom cozy condo. This location has all stainless steel appliances, up to date flat screen tv. Washer and drier, wine cooler an more all in one. Are your Looking for comfortability, convenience an quality? look no further. Game room  Theater  Social space Gym Lots of amenities available. Walking distance from the mall. Lots of shops an restaurant to choose from, seven minutes from downtown Seattle. Bus stop is right In front. Secure indoor parking available.Just minutes from hustle & bustle of the city is this cozy private suite w 2 beds, TV, Stereo, Keurig Latte Maker, Mini Fridge, Microwave, Free Parking & WIFI. 2 Blks to bus. Shared bath. Dog Sitter & gym nearby. Bottle of Wine & Glasses in room! THE SPACE The home is located in a popular Seattle neighborhood & is very quiet & private. Room is upstairs of main living area and large enough for 2 adults + child to have a comfortable living space of their own. (The space is probably not sufficient for 3 people for a lengthy stay, much less 3 adults, but would be fine for a few days for 2 adults + small child) Main bed is a Queen & 2nd bed is a Full.  Host has provided all the amenities you'd find in a hotel room, with a mini-fridge stocked with free bottled water, a first class espresso machine with free LaVazza espresso, a micro-wave and butcher block surface with knives, fresh fruit, an iron, guest bathrobe, clean towels and new sheets and pillows, etc. Plug your phone or Ipod into the We love our sweet cozy home in quiet Maple Leaf. It's cozy with 2 bedrooms and a fenced in backyard, which makes it great  for dogs. Maple Leaf is a lovely quiet neighborhood, just a ten minute drive from downtown and on several good bus lines. The house is small but charming, and the yard is our favorite part. It's very quiet here and one side of the house has a small neighborhood path and a stream. This is our home so while we will make the place tidy for you, it's not going to look like a hotel. :) There is a bed in the master bedroom, a comfortable futon in the guest room and a fairly comfy pullout in the living room, and also an incredibly comfortable queen sized bed in a room in the basement. The basement is not finished though so it might feel a little dingy to some, but we've had several guests who love it. Thus in theory, including the couch in the living room, the place could house 8! It would be pretty cozy though, especially with just one bathroom. :) The backyard has a firQuiet, cozy, bedroom in a clean condo with good kitchen, bath and laundry. Very conveniently located within easy walking distance to Seattle metro bus lines, shopping and services. Airbnb says we're in Mapleleaf. We have a single private bedroom in a condo unit that is well-organized, clean and tidy. The kitchen is easily arranged for cooking. We have a living room with a big TV (Netflix and cable), and one shared nice bathroom with a heat lamp, shower and a tub. You have full access to the living room, bathroom, kitchen, washer/dryer and small balcony.  If I am away with my car, you may also use the gated parking lot and my assigned parking space. There is convenient free street parking available directly in front of our building and parallel parking available all along the street in front and to the south of the building. Please help yourself to coffee and tea any time. Please purchase your own food for meals and you may feel free to use my refrigerator as needed for that. Cabinets aRenovations are complete! Please scroll through the pictures to see: - A new on-demand water heater for unlimited hot H2O! - A privacy fence that gives guests more space of their own. - A carport-type cover to protect the Airstream, guarantee to keep it dry, and keep it cooler in the summer. - New, more powerful, electric heaters that will team with the propane furnace to keep it toasty inside.  - A new, "regular" toilet. Installing this allowed us to remove the blackwater tank, and all of the sometimes-unpleasant odors associated with it. Introducing a unique and wonderful way to experience Seattle! Have you ever wondered what those cool, retro, 60's-era Airstreams are really like on the inside?  If so, you've come to the right place!   Welcome to our Artsy Airstream Retreat: a bright, cozy, artistically renovated Airstream trailer that combines the comforts of today with the efficiency and vintage elements of a bygone era.   As a 23-foot trailer built in 1965, it's charmingly small wBeautiful home with a nice rustic feel.  Great yard space with Maple trees.   1 room w/ king bed, 1 room with sleep pad, one huge yoga/ healing space for lectures or gathering.   On bus line to UW.    Close to Northgate shopping center, Greenlake and Roosevelt center. Owner lives in attached mother in law to support you and provide any added comforts.   The kitchen is shared space. They will have their own private bedroom, chill space and bathroom.     The owner lives in the other suite.    Shared entrance, kitchen and living room.     Please bring your own toiletries      Shampoo, conditioner and one towel per person will be provided.     The chill space has a foam pad that can be used for a third guest to sleep on the floor. Owner lives in attached mother in law to support you and provide any added comforts.    The two bedroom and bath suite is your private space.    The owner has access to rest of living space and kitchen. 2 min from bus line I am looking forward to sharing my home Conveniently located. Closed to all Seattle landmarks This is a one bedroom/bathroom listing in a 2 bedroom/2bathroom home. Your bedroom feature a queen size tempurpedic bed. TV and WiFi are available. Guests will have access to their own bedroom/bathroom. Guests are not permitted to cook to check the other bedroom/bathroom. Welcome to Seattle and Maple leaf! This one bedroom is located  (less than 15 minutes by car) close downtown Seattle . This is the perfect location for anyone touring Seattle,UW and needing ease and convenience. It is also close to the stadiums (approximately 10 minutes by car)so easy distance for Mariners, Sounders, or Seahawk games. It is also very convenient for those coming to Seattle for business as the downtown business district is a short ride away . Our house is incredibly convenient to both to the airport and tourist attractions in downtown  by car. If you do have a car, we have ample free street parking for you to use.Make your stay comfortable in Seattle by staying at the Plaza Suites.  This 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom suite is fully furnished and has everything you need. Short drive to other great Seattle neighborhoods, shopping, restaurants, and freeways. This condo is perfect for families or a group of friends who need a place to stay in North Seattle. This 3 bedroom, 2 bath suite is located on the top floor and provides multiple decks/patios. The living room and bedrooms come equipped with queen sized beds, flat screen TV's, and amply closet/storage space. Cable TV and free wifi provided. Fully equipped kitchen, with plateware, silverware, and everything you need for cooking. Comes with a dishwasher and microwave. Dining area between kitchen and living room. Washer and dryer in unit.   Site Manager will be available via email or phone for any questions or needs. Property is minutes away from freeway access. Quick access to the Metro Bus lines along Lake City Way.Our one bedroom backyard cottage (detached unit) is 15 minutes north of downtown and 10 minutes from the University of Washington. It was built 5 years ago and is in pristine condition.  You will definitely be happy with your stay. This is a well finished and furnished backyard cottage. Granite countertops, comfy couch, quality queen bed, hardwood floors and carpeted bedroom. Cable TV, WiFi, desk and a full kitchen offers all you need. Free parking in front of the main house. We live in the main house, so we are available for guests who have questions or need us for anything. We respect our guests privacy and space.   Maple Leaf is a quiet residential neighborhood with easy access to Interstate (I-5), University of Washington and downtown. There are good local restaurants and cafes within walking distance. Public transportation options are also within walking distance. There are express buses to downtown every 10 minutes. We have a pack and play for babies if needed.  We can be more flWhether you're in Seattle for business or pleasure this spacious, updated and comfortable 2-bedroom Mother-In-Law suite designed for short-term visits will make your Seattle visit enjoyable and relaxing.   There is a private entrance and a free parking spot directly in front of this easily accessible main ground level Mother-in-Law Condo. Free high-speed wireless internet and expanded cable access are also included. This ideal location yields very easy access to I-5, 8-10 minutes from downtown Seattle and 5 miles from The University of Washington and Children's Hospital. In addition, it is within walking distance of shopping/restaurants, less than 2 miles from Whole Foods Market and a short drive to access SR- 520 and I-90 to the east side. Here are some of the neighborhood businesses within a few blocks walking distance: - Cafe Piccolo (Italian restaurant) - Judy Fu's Snappy Dragon (Chinese restaurant) - Blue Saucer Coffee Shop (Stumptown Coffee) - Cloud City Coffee (Coffee, pastries/Letting a newly listed, beautiful apartment in a secluded duplex tucked away in the gorgeous Maple Leaf neighborhood in North Seattle.  Ten minutes from Pike Place Market. Cozy, sweet shaded haven for your visit to the Pacific Northwest. This beautiful secluded apartment is half of a quaint historical building built as a barn in the 1930s. The north fence of the property marked the border of the city of Seattle which later extended north. The structure was converted to a charming single story home in the middle of the last century.      The living space in the private apartment has a vaulted ceiling with exposed beams and a modern ceiling fan. A sturdy gas heater graces the wall. The floors and windows are new, while the underlying architecture is a bit rustic and off kilter.  The gas range is wonderfully efficient and obviously from a different era.  You will have all the luxury touches you would need in the kitchen, including locally roasted organic coffee, local tea (Pike Place MarkOpen, spacious, well-lit, newly renovated  contemporary downstairs apartment with  private entrance! This updated 1 bedroom apartment has all the conveniences of a hotel room and more: full kitchen with gas range, electric kettle, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, full size fridge with ice-maker, dishwasher, all necessary dishes, silverware, and basic spices.  Beautiful tiled bathroom with 6ft soaking tub.  Apple TV w/Netflix & Free Wi-FI. Queen sized bed in the bedroom, couch in living room, and option for Queen sized airbed (living room) if there are more than 2 guests. The radiant heat floors and fireplace keep the place cozy in the winter, and since it's a daylight basement, it is nice and cool in the summer. Small, well-behaved pets are OK. Friendly owners and our two cats live upstairs. The house has a front large landscaped yard with fruit and vegetable gardens and a private side yard with BBQ surrounded by trees. Plenty of room to relax outside. We strive to respect your privacRelax & recharge your creative side in our 2nd bedroom. There's two work stations perfect for working or writing - and there's an iPad for you to use. We're a 3 minute walk from the Northgate Transit Center, Mall, & gyms.  Oh, yes - we cook too! Relax & recharge your creative side in our 2nd bedroom. There's two work stations perfect for working or writing - and there's an iPad for you to use. We're a 3 minute walk from the Northgate Transit Center, Mall, & gyms.  Oh, yes - we cook too! Relax & recharge your creative side in our 2nd bedroom. There's two work stations perfect for working or writing - and there's an iPad for you to use. We're a 3 minute walk from the Northgate Transit Center, Mall, & gyms.  Oh, yes - we cook too! We've put a lot of good creative energy into the space - whether you're working on design or business the space is set up to help you recharge and create. You'll have access to use the kitchen, living room, patio and do laundry. Please feel free to store food inMy house has a big living room with a big couch with all entertaining amenities available. Very close to Northgate (North hub of the City of Seattle with great shopping mall, restaurants, and transit center connecting the whole Greater Seattle Area)Enjoy the comforts of living in a warm, quiet neighborhood with quick access to downtown and both a theater complex and shopping center just a few blocks away. BBQ in the back, lounge in the sunroom/art studio, or enjoy the park across the way. The room is the only one on the main floor so the bathroom is yours. Anyone staying in the downstairs room is asked to only use their bathroom. The sunroom/art studio is a great place to create or relax. Just beyond is the spacious deck with a quiet yard to BBQ or rest in quiet. Everything is available including the deck, BBQ, small weight room, and sunroom/art studio, and laundry. I may be traveling but will always be available to you via phone. I want to do everything I can to make your stay enjoyable while respecting your privacy. I also have someone who will be taking care of the house while I'm gone who may be able to assist you. Maple Leaf is an unusual oasis in Seattle with its own great restaurants, theater complex, shopping, etc, and yeAn idyllic pacific northwest getaway, this newly constructed backyard cottage is in a quiet location surrounded by lovely trees and beautiful gardens. Rental includes entire lower level and is completely private and self contained. Cottage has one bedroom with a queen size bed. The living room sofa does not pull-out, but is perfect for lounging. Brand new kitchen features a gas stove and stainless steel refrigerator, cooking and baking supplies, and caffeinated beverage fixings. Follow the gravel path alongside the main house to the gated backyard cottage entrance. Enjoy the tucked away trellised patio or relax on the lawn by the cottage. If you would like to use the charcoal BBQ, feel free to ask. I am happy to help or advise during your visit. Just ask! The Maple Leaf neighborhood is just above Green Lake and close to Northgate. It's a walkable neighborhood close to coffee shops, several restaurants (Piccolo at the end of the street) and bars, 24-hr mini mart, RedBox, dry cleaner, ha$65 per Night Quiet & Comfortable Private Room and Private Bath in A Large & Clean Seattle Home: Located in Seattle, this is a great opportunity for traveling business/medical professionals, relatives visiting Seattle for a short-term stay and is ideal for a single person or a couple. The private room/bath is furnished with: - Queen-sized bed with clean and high-end linens  - Small refrigerator  - Microwave / Clean dishes - Television, cable, DVD & WiFi  - Desk & chair  - Large closet   - Use of hot & cold water cooler and washer/dryer  - Directly adjacent to your private bathroom  The location yields very easy access to I-5, 8-10 minutes from downtown Seattle and 5 miles from The University of Washington.   Within walking distance of shopping/restaurants and a short drive to access   SR- 520 and I-90. This room & bath is comparable to a cozy & comfortable hotel room rather than a shared living situation.  No smoking, pets or illegal drugs. Beautiful little cottage built in 2012 featuring light, open, smart design.  Close to many urban amenities, but a quiet respite from the hustle and bustle of the city.  It's ideal for 1-2 people, but can accommodate a 3rd guest. We have a beautiful new little cozy studio guest cottage, construction finished in 2012.   It is available for rent by the night, week or month.  The space is designed to be very calm:  simple, clean, and uncluttered, with lots of natural light.  There are huge windows, plus a skylight over the bed -- perfect for stargazing or admiring the sunlight dappled through the leaves.   We are located in the fabulous Maple Leaf  neighborhood in NE Seattle.  We are close to numerous bus lines and freeway access.   We are within walking distance to Northgate Mall, the Northgate Transit Center, and the Maple Leaf business district with numerous coffee shops & restaurants.  Distances to some Seattle areas: --downtown, 6.5 miles --UW, 3 miles --Children's Hospital, 4 miles -It may be a small house- but we have a large kitchen and nice backyard in a residential neighborhood about 6 miles from downtown Seattle and 1.5 miles to Green Lake.  Super quiet street, plenty of parking.  2 indoor friendly cats. Non smoking. Maple Leaf is awesome.  Within walking distance there are coffee shops, a couple bars and restaurants and a reservoir that has a wonderful view of Mt. Rainier.  Great place to throw a frisbee or play pickle ball! We have a driveway and street parking is free.  Public transportation downtown is great- both the 312 and 77 bus are express-only one stop to downtown Seattle!Make your stay comfortable in Seattle by staying at thea Plaza Suites. 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom condo fully furnished and has everything you need. Short drive to other great Seattle neighborhoods, shopping, restaurants, and freeway access. This condo is perfect for 4 people, providing a queen sized bed and a queen sofa sleeper. A TV with cable in each room and free wifi available. Kitchen comes fully stocked with everything you need to stay in and cook. Refrigerator, stove/oven, dishwasher, garbage disposal, microwave, coffee-maker, and toaster available. Dining area between kitchen and living room. Lots of closet and storage space for longer stays. Access to two separate patios. A reserved parking space is provided. Building has secured entry.  Site Manager will be available via email or phone for any questions or needs. Situated in the Maple Leaf neighborhood, you'll be close to other great Seattle neighborhoods, like Green Lake, Northgate, Shoreline, Ravenna, and Fremont.  You'll also Cozy private studio apartment. Maple Leaf neighborhood. Peaceful oasis near all Seattle has to offer. Off street parking, easy walk to bus lines and cafes. Near UW and Green lake. Stay in and surf the net, or watch cable TV. Family friendly location. This is a light, bright space close to everything.  Comfortable for a short stay or a longer one, it has a full kitchen, washer & dryer in room, and even a play area if you have a smaller child.  Gas heater keeps the room snug and quiet in the winter. Fans keep it cool in the summer. Look out of the large windows to the shared yard with its outdoor picnic seating and kids' play set, including slide, climbing wall, swings and more. Off street parking. Private bathroom. Private kitchen with stove, fridge, and sink. Free WiFi Free Cable TV 48" flat screen (with some premium channels) Coffee and Tea, and some light snacks. Coffee Maker Dishes, pans, plates, etc... Private washer and dryer. Shared Yard Shared play area Shared outdoor dining tabLocated in a great Seattle neighborhood, this unique offering is a great opportunity for traveling business professionals, relatives visiting Seattle for a short-term stay and is ideal for people traveling together in a small group. The private 2 rooms are located directly across from each other, and 1 private bath is adjacent to the rooms. The home location is only 4-5 miles from the University of Washington, Children's Hospital,  8-10 minutes from downtown Seattle  and just across from bus lines 73&77.  In northeast Seattle with very easy access to I-5 (1/2 mile from our home to freeway entrance), you will be very close to various shopping/restaurant options. Each room includes: - Queen-sized bed with clean linens & comfortable down comforters - Small refrigerator - Microwave/Clean dishes - Television/cable/DVD - WiFi - Desk & chair - Sink & mirror in one of the rooms as well as the bathroom - Large closet and dresser - Use of hot & cold water cooler and washer/dryer These rooms are This is the perfect hook up for travelers! My spacious living room can sleep up to 3 people comfortably with a pull out couch, and single futon. This traveler's gem is located right off I-5 and conveniently located new public transportation. The living room has natural light throughly the day and is very spacious. It has a pull out couch that can sleep 2 people, also a single futon that can sleep 1 person. You have complete access to the kitchen, bathroom, and patio. There is also a closet you can use for your personal belongings. Kitchen, bathroom, washer and dryer (for long term stay), patio, and hallway closet. I can show you around or I can draw up a list of things to do in the city. I'm open to interacting and making friends with the people I host. I have friends all over the world and don't mind adding you to the list! If I am to show you around, I would like to know in advance so I can schedule time around it.  I understand how tiring traveling can be, my place can be your couchWelcome, May iris are in full bloom! This bright garden level apartment offers a sustainable urban farm stay in the UW/Bryant Neighborhood near downtown. Furnishings include a blend of antiques and modern amenities. Resident hens supply fresh eggs... Rosie and the other hens invite you to stay in this quiet 1920's one bedroom home apartment located in the UW/ Bryant neighborhood of Seattle.  The resident hens have kicked into early profuse laying as days lengthen and will gladly supply fresh eggs, while Lisa provides a surprise welcome basket full of local goodies.   More about the Space: Furnished with a new bed and fresh line dried linens, the space has room for lounging and relaxing. Natural light abounds, the setting cozy, as the windowed kitchen stocked with some good basics and a few lavish treats.  The intimate livingroom has a comfortable daybed (trundle or makes up as a double) allowing 1-2 additional guests upon request.  The colorful bathroom is ready for you with fresh toweBright and totally private, this big and comfortable apartment is surrounded by greenery.  Find peace and quiet light through  skylights and French doors. Includes a Queen bed, large bedroom, spacious efficiency kitchen, dining and an optional add on office. Your own personal parking space is right at your door.Centrally located to downtown yet walking distance to U-District, U-Village, Children's Hospital, our main level spacious two bedroom offers the best of both worlds. Easy access all Seattle has to offer, and a quiet home to relax. Walk-score of 86! UVillage shopping mall is just a stone's throw away - and comes complete with all the shopping you could want, as well as a QFC grocery store. Din Tai Fung is an especially great restaurant in the mall. Just a block away on the corner of Blakely and 25th is Mamma Melina's Italian restaurant with a fantastic happy hour. One block north is Frank's Oyster House (which has a fabulous weekend brunch). This is a truly walkable neighborhood with plenty to do and see! And if you're not interested in walking the neighborhood, the house is quite comfortable and offers a great retreat from the City. Guests will have access to the entire lower level, accessible from the front door.  The pin code to unlock the door will be sent to you in the email/corresLarge bedroom with private bathroom. Queen size bed. Space comfortably fits two adults. House is on main bus lines 10min from university 15min from downtown Seattle. Lovely neighborhood restaurants just a short walk away.  The room is large and airy with a north facing window. Bathroom is full size and is a private bathroom.  High speed Wifi all throughout the house. Large entertainment center in living room.  Guest are welcome to the entire house. Except the dogs room and our master suite. Landry is available on site.  My husband and I work full time so we are home most evenings. I am a self proclaimed gourmet cook so guests are welcome to join if they like. Come have a glass of WA wine or a pint of my husbands homebrew out on the deck. My husband and I are quiet laid back married couple.  Ravenna is a quiet family friendly place. Green lake has paddle boat and bike rentals. Minutes away from lake WA and kayak or canoe rentals. Ravenna park sports walking trails, tennis courts, soccerGraduate students Share this large craftsman home with fully furnished bedroom with great bicycle access throughout the University of Washington Green Lake park area. Laundry facilities washer and dryer $1 per load. There are many restaurants, grocer Close to Green lake park, downtown seattle, university of washington Free WiFi, cable TV, microwave, mini refrigerator in room, coin operated laundry $1 each (quarters) washer/dryer Happy to give advice and show around city and Mariner baseball game or sporting event if available Walk to beautiful green lake park and university of Washington. Minutes from downtown seattle by bus, car and bicycle. Metro bus trip planner (website hidden) to downtown seattle 15 minutes: routes (phone number hidden). To Northgate mall shopping route 66, 16. To university of Washington route 48. Cab downtown $10-$15 There are many wonderful outdoor activities to explore the great pacific Northwest mountains, lakes, and rivers around the greater Seattle metropolA newly released quiet room with your own door lock  in a nice neighborhood with short walk to University Village Center,  UW, 3 min drive to Children Hospital,  10 min downtown Seattle, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to everywhere. Fast WIFI. This large clean furnished room is on the main entrance level in a quiet house with a serene courtyard, located in a quiet  U District neighborhood of the famous University Village. Restaurants, banks, and shopping center are within 5 minutes walking distance. The kitchen is just renovated in August 2015 with granite counter top and solid cherry wood cabinets. Most people only use the kitchen lightly for heating foods.  You share the full bathroom with 2 other quiet housemates (one housemate only uses the shower occasionally, she has her half bath in her own unit), there are three rooms downstairs, they have their own bathroom and entrance.  Most guests are either young professional with a Master degree or rotation medical professionals or stuThis certified wildlife habitat, located in a quiet professional neighborhood near U of WA, is trimmed in VG fir & has its own 45sqft deck, entrance, refrigerator, microwave & bathroom. It is decorated w/original paintings. This large 315 sq ft private room (really a suite) is trimmed in vertical grain fir. It has an attached full bathroom. The room, lit by recessed lighting, has large windows in a setting of over 120 varieties of plants & trees, It is easy to find the house, but difficult to see because of the vegetation. There is bubble bath & epsom salts for the over-sized tub. The room also has a small refrigerator stocked w/water & breakfast items. It also has a microwave & a hot-water maker for your convenience. There are several maps & guides of the city. There is no TV or cable but there is wi-fi. Laundry & kitchen are available for stays over 7 nights. Your own private entrance w/a small 40sqft private deck - free parking is available on the street out front. There is a lock bPrivate bedroom with queen size bed in quiet Wedgwood/Ravenna neighborhood. Right next to the university district and 1 bus from downtown. Includes full bathroom, washer/dryer, gas stove/range and oven, dishwasher. Private bedroom with comfortable and clean queen sized bed. Access to a full kitchen and bathroom. Please note that the walls are thin! Your space is private but sound travels! Full access to the whole house, as long as you are respectful of my property. I'm a fairly busy person, but I love giving travelers tips on local spots, particularly coffee shops and restaurants! Quiet, residential area with easy access to most of the city. I'm 2 large blocks away from the buses that go downtown and to the populated neighborhoods of the city. It takes about 20-30 minutes to get downtown without traffic (closer to 45 in traffic).  I'm also about a 5 minute bike ride from the Burke Gilman trail, which is a bike trail that runs east/west through the city and gives you great access to a nA nice room situated in a nice neighborhood with newly installed double pane window,  Short walk to U Village Shopping center and many shops, restaurants,  UW,parks as well as pedestrian and bicycle trails. This furnished room is on the lower level but with a walk out door to the back yard in a quiet house with a serene courtyard, located in a quiet neighborhood of the famous University Village. Restaurants, banks, and shopping center are within 5 minutes walking distance. You can see from pictures the wall under the window is below ground (about 1/3 of the wall), there is a separate back door to walk out to the back yard. The room also has a  closet. You share the bathroom and kitchen with two other graduates and one professor and  We have cleaning people to clean the kitchen and bathroom biweekly.  We always keep it clean.  *Free WiFi  *Free TV cable *Free street parking or off street double parking.  *Fully equipped kitchen  *All of the windows are double pane new windows.  * One twGraduate students Share this large craftsman home with fully furnished bedroom with great bicycle access throughout the University of Washington Green Lake park area. Laundry facilities washer and dryer $1 per load. There are many restaurants, grocery stores, and coffee shops within walking distance as well as Green Lake Park. Close to Green lake park, downtown seattle, university of washington Free WiFi, cable TV, microwave, mini refrigerator in room, coin operated laundry $1 each (quarters) washer/dryer Happy to give advice and show around city and Mariner baseball game or sporting event if available Walk to beautiful green lake park and university of Washington. Minutes from downtown seattle by bus, car and bicycle. Metro bus trip planner (website hidden) to downtown seattle 15 minutes: routes (phone number hidden) Northgate mall shopping and movie theatre/cinema bus route 66, 16. To university of Washington route 48. Cab downtown $10-$15 There are many wonderful outdoor activities Our downstairs guestroom is lovely in our big, renovated farmhouse.  The home is in a charming, tree lined neighborhood with parking and easy access to downtown and UW via express bus downtown. The kitty is super friendly. Our lovely, recently remodeled home is cozy and nice. It's on a charming, quiet street with lots of parking. Walk to parks, stores, shops and bars. A block away from the express bus downtown.  - The guest bedroom downstairs has a garden view and a full-sized bed. It is next to the guest bath with a shower which will be reserved just for you during your stay.   There are heated marble tile floors and Turkish towels for your enjoyment.    - Also available is a pack-and-play and high chair.   Guests have use of the newly remodeled, gourmet kitchen, the decks, the spacious living room, and laundry in the basement.  There is also a play area in the basement.    Coffee, juice and cereal provided daily.   Our living space is in the upstairs of the house.    I am a professioPrivate room (SUNROOM IS USED FOR STORAGE AT THE MOMENT). Two twin beds, desk,  Shared bathroom, kitchen. Parking off-street. Laundry/Dryer can be used. There is a friendly cat on premises. Take route 71 to/from downtown Seattle! This is a 1920's house I bought recently and is being updated. Plumbing is new, updated lights, and furniture.  The kitchen is still original with some updates, so its a bit awkwardly laid out.  Every bedroom, and the living room/dining room has AC/Heat. Keyless access, I'll give you a code and you can come and go as you please. Check-in/Check-out times are flexible, just let me know ahead of time. I'll be around as much or as little as you need me. This is a residential neighborhood of Seattle that's pretty central, it's close to most of Seattle and the East side driving/transit wise. It's really nice to walk around because you can see Rainier, downtown and the cascades. For nightlive/tourist things, you'll have to take the bus or car. There's a bus to univerRemodeled house in Ravenna is spacious, modern and comfortable. An updated kitchen and a huge living room. Single rooms are available on the 2nd and 3rd floors. The 3rd floor is a master suite. Please inquire if you have interest in any. Spacious and modern home with a fully updated kitchen and 2 rooms on the 2nd floor (the front door is located here). The 3rd floor features a single master suite. The master suite features a gorgeous master bathroom, a walk-in closet, high ceilings and a storage space. Fully updated kitchen with refrigerator/freezer, microwave, marbled countertops, dishwasher Huge living room 47-inch HDTV with wireless internet & cable TV (please request) Cozy bedrooms with clean sheets and comforters 2 bathrooms on the 2nd floor Washer and dryer with laundry necessities Modern electric fireplace Spacious backyard As needed. If you need anything before or during your stay, please let me know right away. Located in the quiet, charming and safe Ravenna neighborhood ShortRetreat to your own little room at the end of a day of shopping and sightseeing. Private room in the basement of a 1908 Victorian near the University of Washington with a walk score of 85. Walk to University Village, Seattle's upscale outdoor mall! This is a new room for rent with a brand new queen size mattress and bed frame. More pictures coming soon! Ravenna Retreat is a cozy basement room in a charming 1908 Victorian home. The house is very clean and well-loved; you will enjoy relaxing in the open living space. Big picture windows bring in plenty of light and built-in window seats provide the perfect place to read a book. With a large, well-equipped kitchen and gas grill outside, you will be able to cook whatever you like and eat in the breakfast nook or outside either on the front porch or on the back patio. Backyard has a table for four, hammock, and trampoline! Guests have exclusive access to the private downstairs guest room. Guest bathroom is on the main level at the top of thThis private bedroom in the U-district is located near a bus line, many stores and restaurants, Univ Village, and the UW. 30 min walk to UW Med Center, all while being in quiet neighborhood.Welcome to the house of light, a delightful 1925 Craftsman with wall-to-wall windows that feel just right for the cottage aesthetic. Sweet kitchen leads to greenery & modern shed. Walk to bakery, parks, bookstore, shopping and University attractions.Come explore Seattle with our backyard studio as your home base! This newly renovated studio is open, well-lit and has all the conveniences of a hotel room and more: flat screen TV, kitchenette, toaster, free Wi-Fi, street parking, and a large remodeled bathroom. A private, cheery place to call home after a day of exploring our beautiful city rain or shine. This urban oasis is located in the Bryant/Ravenna neighborhood near Seattle's University District. Location: Only 1.5 miles north of Husky Stadium and near Children's Hospital.  ** The studio apartment had a skylight so if you are sensitive to sunshine in the morning, please bring an eye mask during the summer months.**  Convenient public transportation with easy access to bus lines (71 & 76 to U District/Downtown) Included in the studio: Coffee, tea, shampoo, conditioner, soap and a blow-dryer. Please note: No Stove We are a busy family so often do not cross paths with our guests. We are easily reached by texts and cell though.  QuBright, spacious and clean modern backyard cottage. Close to UW, walk-able to restaurants and on bus lines. Bright, spacious and clean modern backyard cottage. Close to UW, walk-able to restaurants and on bus line (71 & 76 to U District/Downtown).  Huge living area, kitchen, large sleeping loft with VERY comfy queen size bed, & closet (note: loft is accessed by ladder-type stairs. They swing out to access the loft and tuck away against the wall when not in use - see pics).  Tile floor is heated in winter and cool in the summer.  Kitchen has fridge and microwave, perfect as a home base.   A real Seattle neighborhood with friendly neighbors and hosts. Very private and quiet, your own little city getaway.  There is plenty of room to stretch, do yoga or play hula hoop on the Wii. Secure Wi-fi, flat-screen TV, Wii for your work or pleasure.   Full-size sofa bed available for use in living room.   Located in the Bryant neighborhood (~1.5 miles north of Husky Stadium).  We have a map and SeatOur fully furnished,  1 bedroom apartment is situated in the Ravenna neighborhood near the University of Washington and 2miles from Childrens Hospital. There are several bus lines within 2 blocks of the house, making access to most parts of the city very easy. Large, pleasant, daylight basement apartment in quiet single family house with Private Entrance.  Bedroom has a double bed, dresser and clothes closet.  Apartment has its own bathroom, a nicely appointed living room, dining area and kitchen.  A new queen sized sofa bed will accommodate additional family members or friends.       Guests have access to a washer/dryer. Ideally we will be here to greet guests and orient them to the area. We are happy to share information about nearby restaurants, parks and shopping. Ravenna is a friendly, leafy neighborhood north of downtown Seattle.  Street parking is free and readily available. Close to Green Lake and Magnuson Park, with its beautiful, recently completed, Wetlands Trail. Easy accesWhy not stay in a quintessential Seattle Bungalow for your Seattle getaway? Our adorable house is in one of Seattle's most charming vintage neighborhoods with great shopping, restaurants and parks within walking distance. This charming Seattle Bungalow was built in the 1920's and it's character has been preserved throughout. It's is within walking distance to the University of Washington, University Village shopping center, Ravenna Park and many unique shops and restaurants. This rental is for  entire house, unshared. There are two bedrooms and one bathroom on the main floor. The front bedroom has a full size bed and the back bedroom has two twin beds. Upstairs has a master suite with a  queen size bed, large bathroom and sitting area.  A fourth bedroom is in the basement and has twin bunk beds. We offer a memorable and comfortable place to gather for your Seattle visit. Make yourself at home with the tastefully appointed furniture and original artwork as you take in the vibrant, yet pSpacious and expansive! find comfort, quiet, privacy in this magnificent  iew apartment with views all around. Enjoy a lovely, living, dining, big kitchen, bedroom with sitting area, Office and beds and gorgeous bath! Feels like abig tree house home! Open and airy with views all around of mountains, water, trees, sunrise to sunset. Full kitchen, view living and dining room with huge view deck. The large bedroom has a queen bed and love seat.  The Office has a desk, bookcase,  twin and a single bed, if needed. Gorgeous, big bathroom with Jacuzzi. the living room has a comfortable double futon sofa, as (URL HIDDEN) dishwasher and more Parking and easy accessThe Ravenna Apartment is the top floor of a lovely house with a large private garden in the Ravenna neighborhood. Ravenna is friendly with short walks to restaurants, cafes, PCC and MetroMarket groceries, the University Village, Burke-Gilman Trail, Children's Hospital and the University of Washington campus, Lake Washington parks and With charming, vintage furniture and decor, you'll be comfortable and cozy in this small studio. Close bus lines, plenty of street parking, a full (but small!) kitchen, & great water pressure. Near Ravenna, the U-district, and buses to downtown. Well decorated, extremely clean and quiet first floor apartment. A queen sized bed will comfortably fit 1-2 people. Please read all of my notes below before booking :) You are welcome to use all utensils, dishes, and cookware in my small kitchen. Please only cook vegetarian food in my pots and pans; you may heat up leftovers containing meat in the microwave. Note: the timer is broken and you'll have to stop it manually. Please help yourself to coffee and sugar.  Clean sheets are already on the bed, and towels & washcloths will be laid out at the foot of the bed. You'll find additional clean towels in the bathroom, and Dr. Bronner's soap is already in the shower. You are welcome to use anything on the small plate in the bathroom (e.g. earplugs, Welcome Bienvenue Willkommen Bienvenida ようこそ  欢迎  בברכה  ترحيب Secure building in quiet neighborhood 2.5 miles to UW. Off street parking. 5 min walk to public transit. Best for short term singles, grad students, young professionals, mature vacationers. LGBT welcome. Verified off line ID required for pre-approval. Guest Room: .  Pretty space filled with light,  art, and books.  .  Leather love seat with twin hide-a-bed and new memory foam mattress.   .  Best suited for a single person, but two people can manage if they don't mind tight quarters.  Couples may choose from one full size or pair twin size AERO beds on floor. .  Two large drawers store personal items. .  Hall closet for hats and coats. .  Wall hooks and hangers. .  Under bed basket storage. .  Cable TV .  Air Conditioning .  WIFI Full Private Guest Bath: .  Basic toiletries  .  Hair dryer .  Bathrobe for women.  .  Shower wrap for men. .  Storage for personal items .  Modern, well-equipped kitchen .  In suite laundry. .  LivStay in a beautiful treelined neighborhood, just minutes from University of Washington, downtown and Capitol Hill. Great place to explore nightlife, outdoors and arts in Seattle. Walkscore 92. Transit score 80.Brand new garden hideaway for up to 6 guests. Located just north of UW and University Village Shopping Center and a short drive from UW Medical Center and Seattle Children's hospital. The perfect retreat with easy access to all of the area amenities. Ravenna hideaway is a brand new, family-friendly, mother-in-law apartment that has everything you need to make it your home away from home. The apartment serves as a spacious retreat for 1-2 and can also comfortably accommodate up to 6 guests with use of the study and the pull-out couch. With crisp white linens, heated bathroom floors, a gas range, washer and dryer, and ample entertainment, Ravenna Hideaway combines the luxury of a hotel with the comforts of home. Ravenna hideaway is located underneath our home and has its own private entry with four-season garden views and can be easily accessed via keypad entry. We're happy to welcome you upon arrival and are honored to serve you during your time at Ravenna Hideaway. You'll also see us fGreat 2 bedroom, 1 bath garden level unit in desirable Bryant neighborhood. Only ½ mile to University of Washington and a few blocks to the U-Village shopping center. Perfect home base for anyone visiting Seattle.  There are two bedrooms with large closets. One bedroom has a queen size air mattress and the other bedroom has two twin size mattresses.  On street parking is available for a car or two. We live above the unit and are looking for respectful and mature travelers. This is a large garden level unit with kitchen, living room, two bedrooms and bathroom with laundry. The space is all for you! Please let us know when you need to check and check out for your requested days. We live upstairs and there are two locked doors that separate the units. We are in the Bryant neighborhood which is very close to UW, U-Village and I-5. We live on a quiet street in Seattle that is family friendly.Our upstairs guestroom is lovely in our big, renovated farmhouse.   The home is in a charming, tree lined neighborhood with parking and easy access to downtown via express bus.  Excellent space for weeklong visits or if moving to the area. Our lovely, recently remodeled home is cozy and nice. It's on a charming, quiet street with lots of parking.    Walk to parks, stores, shops and bars. A block away from the express bus downtown.   This room is ideal for someone looking for a place to stay for a few weeks for a visit, or while they find permanent housing.     - Right now the room is available for a single-guest, but quiet couples are considered. Please inquire about special longer-term pricing.   - The upstairs guest bedroom has a queen-sized bed, desk, rocking chair, dresser and desk.   - The room is next to the private bathroom with a jacuzzi tub, heated towel bar and heated, marble floors. The clean cat box may be kept in this bathroom. - Turkish towels are available for your enjoyAfter a long day exploring everything that Seattle has to offer come home to a clean quiet retreat.  The house is centrally located in a very nice and quiet residential neighborhood-- on bus lines to downtown and the UW.  Walking distance to many different shops, restaurants, and University Village Shopping Center. Only 1.3 miles to the University of Washington and two miles to Children's Hospital.  Very walkable. Free Microsoft Connector Bus for Microsoft employees and interns not far. Come stay in a cozy private bedroom on the top floor of our home. The house is nicely furnished and the room comes with one twin bed.  The home is a lovely remodeled craftsmen home in quiet and quaint residential neighborhood. Our home is strictly non-smoking.  The Burke GilmanTrail is minutes away and is great for biking and walking. There is powder room on the main floor and a bathroom on the top floor. There is  great outdoor spaces with seating if you want to, read a book, enjoy a meal or cruise theThis is a nicely appointed private 1 bedroom apartment home located steps away from University Village.  Sit back and relax in front of the fireplace or enjoy a home-cooked meal in your full kitchen.  Getting around is easy from this great location!Charming 1924 cottage next to all the University of Washington attractions! Just a short bike from Magnusen Park, moments to University of Washington Shopping center -- a beautiful retreat in Seattle.  Pricing is flexible! Lots of outdoor plants, a garden, fire pit and deck meant for relaxing and entertaining.  Grill and fire pit on premise! Perfect house for reading, hanging out outside, and catching a UW game, driving the quick 10 minutes to downtown or taking classes on campus.  This little cottage is my current love affair and I rent it out when i travel for work. It's charming beautiful house and currently undergoing a design overhaul. New photos to come shortly! Full access to house. Cottage in the back will likely be locked up. Happy to help guests out throughout their stay! Beautiful neighborhood right next to the University of Washington! Access to all the stores, restaurants and things you need! Small cottage is my primary home and is a perfect place for a comfortable stay neA newly released quiet room with your own door lock  in a nice neighborhood with short walk to University Village Center,  UW, 3 min drive to Children Hospital,  10 min downtown Seattle, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to everywhere. Fast WIFI. This furnished room is in the lower level in a quiet house with a serene courtyard, located in a quiet neighborhood of the famous University Village. Restaurants, banks, and shopping center are within 5 minutes walking distance. You can see from pictures the wall under the window is below ground, there is a separate back door to walk out to the back yard. The room also  also a large storage room can use for storage or meditation You share the bathroom (with large shower area) with two other graduates (one is actually a postdoc) and kitchen on upstairs.  We have cleaning people to clean the kitchen and bathroom biweekly.  *Free  WiFi  *Free street parking  *Free washer/dryer with your own detergent *Fully equipped kitchen  *All of the windows aNext to University Village  There are everything you want QFC~SAFEWAY~Restaurants~bar~shop~!!!Remodeled house in great Ravenna neighborhood is spacious, modern and comfortable. This listing is for the top 2 floors of the house. There are 3 bedrooms, one of which is a 3rd floor master suite. An updated kitchen and huge living room complete it. 2900 sq ft.  The front double doors are located on the 2nd floor and open up to a beautiful, wide open entryway. 2 bedrooms on this floor, and a master suite all by itself on the 3rd floor. The 2 bedrooms on this floor are connected by a large Jack & Jill bathroom with double sinks and a shower. There is also a half bathroom on this floor. The master suite boasts high ceilings and a Jacuzzi in the large master bathroom. A walk-in closet and extra storage space complete this gem of a suite. There's new carpet, new paint, hardwood floors, and a fully updated kitchen with granite countertops. Oh and a nice front porch. And a fireplace. Washer and dryer with laundry necessities Refrigerator/freezer, microwave, marbled countertops 47-inch HDTV We proudly offer our clean, stylish lower-level apartment, located right in the heart of U-District/Bryant neighborhood in NE Seattle. 2Bed/1Bath + full size kitchen + W/D. Walk to UVillage shopping area, UW campus, medical centers,  and much more.  The apartment was built in 2010 with great attention to detail: Drawer-style F&P dishwasher, elegant glass shower and heated bathroom floors, and a 42" Plasma screen connected to Apple TV and Netflix. The outfitted galley kitchen is full-size with a gas range and microwave.  The apartment is quite spacious & tall: over 800sqft. Riley is 6"5 (1.95m) and can stand up throughout the apt - so this doesn't have the claustrophobic quality of many basement apartments. Right now it is set up for one couple in a queen bed. The bedroom is quiet, with a good mattress. The 2nd bedroom is set up as an office with a desk, chair and printer. There is a futon-style sofa that opens flat, & bedding is provided, but it's worth noting that access to the bathroGreat  location Very Walkable. A few blocks .away from the big nice U Village Shopping Center (already 3 Starbucks) This location is in the Ravenna neighborhood in Seattle. Nearby parks include Ravenna Park, Ravenna / Cowen Park and Ravenna Park. This furnished apt is on the 2nd floor in the eight-unit apartment complex with a serene courtyard, located in a quiet neighborhood of the famous University Village. Restaurants, banks, and shopping center, buslines are within 5 minutes walking distance.  Easy access to I-5. 10 min to get to down town normally; 20+min in rush hour.  You can see from  pictures that the hardwood floor in the living room and bedroom is newly refinished, there is also new wall paint, new vinyl floor in the bathroom and kitchen as well as a brand new toilet.  The wool carpet, comforter, pillow are new.  The 16 inches thick king size top pillow mattress is very comfortable.  There is a kitchen, bathroom (either shower or bathtub), bedroom with built in closet and li1650 sq ft.  Very clean, bright and spacious Attached one-car garage 3 bedrooms (1 large one)  1 full bathroom Half kitchen with refrigerator, toaster oven, stove and sink Dining table and 5 chairs Living area with large couch and coffee table see Amenities section When needed Beautiful Ravenna area. Quiet, safe and charming. Very close to the University of Washington, University Village, downtown Seattle and Northgate.Beautifully renovated and well appointed second floor suite / spa comes complete with private bath, soaking tub and steam shower located just minutes from the University of Washington campus in Seattle's desirable Ravenna/Roosevelt neighborhood. Welcome to the Emerald City! Please contact me to check dates, tell me a bit about yourself and your trip BEFORE you request a booking. The calendar is accurate but I might be in communication with other guests. NOTE: If you would like to check the pricing, you can enter the dates you are interested in and click "book it", the next screen will show you the final price before you process payment and confirm.  RATES: Prices vary depending on the season and number of guests. Calendar shows correct prices for 2 guests. A little about your host: As the youngest of seven I grew up surrounded by family and friends. I loved that there were always people coming and going and have carried on that tradition – sharing my house with visitors and guests for Garden level one bedroom apartment close to University of Washington, Children's Hospital and University Village.  Light filled rooms looking out on a quiet garden and patio. 1000 Square feet gives you ample space to call home. Kitchen includes microwave, toaster oven, electric range, full set of dishes and utensils, blender, coffee maker. Immaculately clean bathroom with fresh towels, robe and basic toiletries. Bedroom has queen size bed with latex mattress, down comforter / duvet and the very best sheets Costco has to offer. There is also a sofa in the living room that converts to an additional bed.   This is a one level apartment that does not require access via stairs. While it is not technically ADA, compliant, it is appropriate for someone using a wheelchair. The apartment is accessible via a rear entrance in the garden. Guests are not permitted in the upstairs residence without invite. I am happy to help recommend local restaurants, activities or directions if you wish. Bryant /Ideal location for students, graduate/doctoral studies, internships,and travel. Wonderful fully furnished rooms available located near seattle's largest greenlake park and recreations  and university of Washington. Minutes to downtown Seattle by bus, bike or car. Walking distance to university of washington, restaurants, coffee shops, café and lake Close to Green lake park, downtown seattle, university of washington Free WiFi, cable TV, microwave, mini refrigerator in room, coin operated laundry $1 each (quarters) washer/dryer Happy to give advice and show around city if available Walk to beautiful green lake park and university of Washington. Minutes from downtown seattle by bus, car and bicycle. Metro bus trip planner (URL HIDDEN) to downtown seattle 15 minutes: routes (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN). To Northgate mall shopping route 66, 16. To university of Washington route 48. Cab downtown $10-$15 There are many wonderful outdoor activities to explore the great pacific Northwest mountains, lLarge bedroom with huge windows in a private, quirky little home in the Ravenna/Roosevelt district. Includes gas fireplace, gas stove, beautiful private yard, covered porch for rainy days, skylights and claw foot tub! Wifi provided :) I live in this house, and will be in the room next to yours. It's is a small house (750sf), very cozy with only one bathroom, but it's darling and a perfect oasis in the middle of the city! As much or as little as you'd like! I'm very friendly and would be happy to show  you around the neighborhood. In addition to making extra money, I see this as a way of getting to know people from all over the world. However, if you are more inclined to reclusion, that's ok too!Lovely View bedroom with queen bed and den sun room  located within a home and beautiful garden. Quiet, clean, private and bright, this apartment provides comfort, beauty and peace.  Self contained, off street parking, second bed for the den available on request. Walking neighborhood, quick access to buses and businesses. You'll feel the comfort and beauty of home with windows, trees, garden and parking, too.  Friendly neighborhood! Private view deck, laundry and garden with gas grill As needed, I'm available on site Trees, natural park feeling with neighbors, children walking to buses, schools and cafés The property is a neighborhood street with lots of off street parking and quick walks to three major bus lines.Welcome to "The Terrarium!"  Tranquil garden apartment adjacent to Ravenna Park, walking distance to University Village shopping and dining, and a short bike ride/drive/walk or bus to the University of Washington Campus and Children's Hospital. Welcome to "The Terrarium!"  Our light-filled garden apartment feels truly Pacific Northwestern with expansive, west-facing windows that highlight the healthy green foliage of the Emerald City's Ravenna Park. The entire apartment and patio is yours to use as you please! We also have a blow-up mattress if you wish to sleep 4 people during your stay. Two in the bedroom (queen-sized mattress), two in the living room area (couch sleeps one, and we also provide a queen air mattress and sheets). Free range of the kitchen, with complimentary coffee and tea. Also, easy access to washer and dryer as needed! If we aren't traveling, we'll be around to meet you and give you the lay of the land if possible. Your time in the space is entirely yours and we wilCozy home on quiet street. Tree-lined property.  Close to UW, UVillage, Childrens Hospital. Walk to several businesses (bookstore, bakery, yoga, ) in quaint neighborhood. Free parking. Near bus stops. 1 bedroom available for rent in 2-bedroom home. Your small room is very nice, natural light with big window overlooking front garden and bird bath. Cedar closet. This is shared space - I live in other bedroom.   Your pull-out couch is new and has a memory foam pad on it. I've slept on it when my mom was visiting - and it's actually not that bad. Kitchen, bathroom, general living area. Guests have access to backyard and deck. Limited access just because I have a busy schedule, but very happy to help or chat if I am free. House is on a quiet street, but is in short walking distance to diner, coffee, bakery, great bookstore/cafe, yoga, a handful of restaurants, gas station. Very close to bus routes, about 2 blocks. I have a home office and busy schedule. A working individual or someone with Private, quirky little home in the Ravenna/Roosevelt district with 2 Medium/Large bedrooms,  gas fireplace, gas stove, beautiful private yard, covered porch for rainy days, skylights and claw foot tub! Wifi provided :) I live in this house, so I will only be renting it out when I am not in town. There are 2 bedrooms, one with large windows and tons of light! This is the guest room. My bedroom is much darker and perfect for someone who wants to sleep in late ;)   This is a small house (750sf), very cozy and perfect for 2 or 3 people. Please be respectful of neighbors and enjoy this cozy oasis in the city! 4 people maximum! This neighborhood is great! 8 blocks from one of the most beautiful parks in the city (Ravenna/Cowen Park) which is great for runners/walkers. You are a 5-10 min walk from ample bars, restaurants and a Whole Foods Grocery store. Two bus lines run just a block away (to UW/downtown and North Seattle), but you can walk just 5 blocks and pick from several more. Greenlake A newly released quiet room with your own door lock  in a nice neighborhood with short walk to University Village Center,  UW, 3 min drive to Children Hospital,  10 min downtown Seattle, Lake Union and Eastlake. Easy bus to everywhere. Fast WIFI. This  clean furnished room is on the main entrance level in a quiet house with a serene courtyard, located in a quiet  U District neighborhood of the famous University Village. Restaurants, banks, and shopping center are within 5 minutes walking distance. The kitchen is just renovated in August 2015 with granite counter top and solid cherry wood cabinets. Most people only use the kitchen lightly for heating foods.  You share the full bathroom with 2 other quiet housemates (one housemate only uses the shower occasionally, she has her half bath in her own unit), there are three rooms downstairs, they have their own bathroom and entrance.  Most guests are either young professional with a Master degree or rotation medical professionals or studentsNewly remodeled two bedroom house in fun part of Seattle.  Walking distance to Lake Washington, Greenlake, University of Washington.  Close to bike path.  Interesting coffee shops, bakeries, bookstores nearby.  Easy access to downtown. Newly remodeled kitchen, comfortable living room, dining room.  Craftsman style, lots of open space.  2 bedrooms. upstairs, one with queen bed, one with single bed.  Closet space.  Hardwood floors. Full first and second floor of house.  Basement rented out as compete separate apartment with private entrance.  Tenant quiet. Rental is for full house.  This is a furnished house that is lived in during the non-rental periods.  I am out of town during the rental period but am reachable by cell if needed for any reason. Quirky, fun, quiet Seattle neighborhood. Easy access to bus and Birk Gilman bike trail.  Freemont, Wallingford, University District, Ballard all close by.  10 minutes to downtown. Very quiet.Conveniently located in a nice Bryant neighborhood between U District and near Ravenna & Green Lake. Spacious one bedroom apartments with restrict acces & a deck.  Less than 1 minute walk to bus stops with frequent bus schedule to anywhere. This nicely furnished large one bedroom apt  located in the safe and convenient Bryant/Ravenna neighborhood. * Sufficient daylight. * On the 2nd floor in a building with thecontrolled entrance. * Furnished and equipped one bedroom apt with one queen bed and one full size sleeper sofa can accommodate 3 easily but can add a twin mattress in the living room to accommodate 4 people.  *  Clean and comfortable  * New flat screen TV. * Professional & responsive management  * 4 min drive to UW campus and Green Lake or 10 minutes bus ride (frequent bus schedules)  * free parking  * one set Coin-op washer/dryer and storage are located in the on site laundry room.  Laundry room in the building and an assigned parking space. I am laid back but act quickly to meOur comfortable one bedroom basement apartment with a private entrance is just a -10 minute walk to the University of Washington.    Located in a quiet neighborhood with parks and a café just around the corner.   Easy access to downtown via the bus A clean and fully furnished basement MIL with it's own private entrance.   easy access to the UW and downtown.     There's one bedroom with a queen size bed, a hide-a-bed in the living room that is a full size bed (and memory foam mattress topper to make it extra comfortable).  We've also added a set of bunk beds in the living room for those travelling with kids.   We also have a portable crib.    Guests have a private entrance  to a one bedroom MIL apartment with a kitchen (minus oven) and full bath.  The unit includes a private full-size washer and dryer.    We have a large back yard that is very kid and chicken friendly.    Guests are welcome to use the space which includes an outdoor fireplace.   We will follow the lead of our guests andThis private bedroom in the U-district is located near a bus line, many stores and restaurants, Univ Village, and the UW. 30 min walk to UW Med Center, all while being in quiet neighborhood.Enjoy this cozy Ravenna suite! You will have private access to our entire lower level, which sleeps four and includes a bedroom, kitchenette, office, bathroom, and den with pull-out couch. Enjoy our spacious back yard as well! You will follow the lighted pathway along the side of our house into our spacious back yard. Under the patio awning you will find your own private entrance with a convenient keypad controlled door.  The entryway has a well-stocked kitchenette, much as you'd find in a hotel room. There is a mini-fridge, stocked with bottled water and some local beers for our 21-and-over guests to enjoy; a microwave; a Keurig machine and complimentary pods; and all the dishes and utensils you will need to enjoy simple meals and snacks. Sadly there isn't a sink, oven, or cooktop. A cozy den awaits you next, with a small dining table, a mounted flat-screen TV and a new plush couch that pulls into a queen-sized bed. Sorry, we aren't cable subscribers, but the antenna works great and wLarge private bedroom, private bathroom, lovely garden view, sitting areas inside and outside, mini-fridge, microwave, desk, shared exercise room (with TV) and laundry, in residential area, near park and transit. Quiet home base to explore Seattle. These rooms have a separate entrance at the back of the house.  Guests use a unique door code for access.  The bedroom is quite large (214 square feet) and has a queen bed, desk, dresser, large comfy chair and ottoman, small expandable table with 2 chairs, electric tea pot, and a coffee maker. The bedroom has its own heater.  An additional twin bed is available for a third guest and can be set up in the exercise room. The bathroom has a shower, sink and toilet.  The exercise room has a small microwave, mini-fridge, TV, DVD player, an elliptical trainer, small weights, Bosu ball, exercise/stability balls, and foam rollers.   The laundry room has a washer and a dryer, iron and ironing board.  There is a locked door that separates all of these Your room is in the upstairs of a quiet residential Ravenna neighborhood house near the UW.  20 min. bus ride to downtown Seattle.  New firm bed in an Allergy free room (wood floors & dust mite covers on queen mattress). Free street parking. Hard wood floors and dust mite covers on the bed make for a great nights sleep! if you are allergy prone you will find respite here. No pets have been in the guest rooms or common areas of the house.  Great for business person who needs to commute to Amazon (20 minutes by bus to downtown Seattle) or perfect launch pad to explore Seattle & the great northwest.  I'm usually out and about in the mountains depending on the season: skiing, whitewater kayaking, biking, hiking.  Cascade mountains are only one hour away! You will have a private bedroom with a brand new firm/pillow top queen size bed, a full bathroom to use across the hall from your room.  This is also the guest bathroom so visitors may also use this bathroom.  The common areas are the diniOur house is within walking distance to several restaurants and bus stops and just 1 mile from UW. Our house is perfect for a young couple as 1 of the bedrooms is a baby room. The wood burning fire place is perfect for cold winter nights.-Beautiful, private upstairs room in shared house -Private bathroom with shower -W/D -Bryant neighborhood -Lots of shelf/hanger storage -Big desk with available monitors -Close to University and bus lines (45 minutes to anywhere in Seattle) This room is a beautiful room in the upstairs of a shared 3 bedroom home. The room has beautiful wood paneling throughout and a beautiful and large wood desk for work. The bathroom is convenient and private and includes a shower. There is also plenty of shelve space and hangers available for clothes/other goods when staying here. There are two different places for hanging out downstairs with three couches and two tables. However, we do not have a dining room table (the tables are smaller, side tables). The kitchen has a (beautiful) old 60s refrigerator, a microwave, a stove and many cooking utensils available for your use. There is a small backyard and a basement holding the washer and dryer (also available for use). All parts of the house are okay keyed On top floor, very private Jacuzzi Tub Walk-in Closet King Size Bed Close to Seattle Downtown, UW, Bellevue Bus down the street, plenty of street parking New & spacious kitchen, laundry, Wifi, Cable TV plenty of street parking only as needed Prestigious Ravenna Close to Seattle Downtown, Bellevue Downtown UW yesAfter a long day exploring everything that Seattle has to offer come home to a clean and quiet retreat. entrally located in a very nice and quiet residential neighborhood-- on bus lines to downtown and the UW.  Walking distance to many different shops, restaurants, and University Village Shopping Center. Only 1.3 miles to the University of Washington and 2 miles Children's Hospital. Very walkable. Free Microsoft Connector Bus for Microsoft employees and interns not far. Our home has been lovingly restore to original grandeur. Host has lived in the US, Canada, and France. Bilingual French and English household. Guest can use the vintage brick patio in our large south facing private yard. I've lived in Seattle for many years and would be able to help you plan your activities and tell you about attractions in the area. Guide books and tourist flyers are available for your use. Free Wifi available to guests.  Our neighborhood is considered one of the nicer ones in the city. Quiet streets aThis private bedroom in the U-district is located near a bus line, many stores and restaurants, Univ Village, and the UW. 30 min walk to UW Med Center, all while being in quiet neighborhood. Basement room has private entrance, private living space. Room comes with full-sized bed, and if requested, additional twin bed. This space is incredibly unique with floor to ceiling bookshelves - perfect for anyone with a lot of accessories or books to organize. The main floor is available for your use, and includes the living room, kitchen, bathroom, and spacious backyard deck. I do not live on-site, but I respond quickly to messages from airbnb or phone texts. My father does live in the city, and is available to assist. Because we don't live on-site, we have changed the entry to a keyless entry, to increase ease of checking in. However, the private room itself does have a conventional keyhole, and you would be provided with the key. The house is a very quick walk to Zoka's coffee and the bus linTwo Herons Guest House offers a beautifully  furnished, private entry apartment w/queen bed.  Walk, bike, drive, bus to UW, Children's Hospital, U Village, & many nearby merchants/restaurants. Easy to downtown & greater Puget Sound area. W/Parking! You'll enjoy the fully-equipped kitchen, cable television and WiFi, large bathroom, well-appointed bedroom w/queen size bed,  walk-in closet & original artwork. Laundry.  Handicapped/wheelchair accessible. You'll be provided with permitted parking.  A walk along landscaped gardens leads to the private entrance of our 1 bdrm apartment. Outside, the terrace w/fire pit & deck w/BBQ welcome you to relax. We have built a secure bike locker for two bikes. This Mother-In-Law is a separate part of our home. We trust you know what you are wanting to do, & how to do it. However, if asked, we would be most glad to share our knowledge of the area gained from our combined 80 years in Seattle. We live active lives, & would consider providing you support iFor travelers who are passing through town short-term and  like a rustic cabin vibe in a great city location. Features: Futon pull out double bed, twin foam loft bed, toliet & kitchette, but note: No showering facilities available on site. Welcome! This space has a lot of funky charm and is in a great part of the city. The room is cozy and a bit quirky with a rustic/self built vibe as we inhetited the space (for example, the walls are simple paneling) but if you like its charm like we do, you will always have clean sheets, fresh duvets and coffee. You can have your coffee on the roof to see the tips of the skyscrapers while listening to the collection of birds that seem to like our yard!  We hope you will love this place so please do not book just because it "will do for the price." Not everyone likes ladders, futons, old wood wall paneling or lack of a shower, but some people love cozy and fun and will truly resonate with our offering as they travel like we do! We love people to be haCozy space with lots of amenities.  Walking distance to UW, groceries, shops, and restaurants.  Head to the ravine a few blocks away for a walk in the woods, or to the UW for a game or conference.  Drive or bus it to downtown or other adventures! Separate back yard studio guesthouse, in the heart of Seattle's Ravenna neighborhood.  The open floor plan features a dining, living, sleeping and meal prep space with everything but the kitchen sink! Literally, the kitchen space has a small refrigerator and several appliances available for making a meal or brewing a pot of complimentary coffee.  The only thing we are missing is a sink (there is one in the bathroom of course!).  We have a dish tub on the counter for dirty dishes - just put dirty dishes in the tub and we will take care of them.  There are also two brand new twin memory-foam mattresses atop (and abottom!) the day bed with trundle.  The trundle pulls out for two separate twin sleeping spaces, or quickly pops up to create a king sOur lovely home is a charming 1908 farmhouse that we have updated.   We are blocks from parks, shops, bars and restaurants, Express bus to downtown. REDUCED RATE IF YOU CAT-SIT OVER 4TH OF JULY WEEK. (the kitty is super cute, loving and easy). Our lovely, recently remodeled home is cozy and nice. The house is on a charming, quiet street with lots of parking.  Walk to parks, stores, shops and bars.  A block away from the express bus downtown.  You can even see the top of The Space Needle from the decks and from the newly added master bathroom. - The guest bedroom downstairs has a garden view and a full-sized bed.  It is next to the guest bathroom with a shower.   - The guest bedroom upstairs has a queen-sized bed and is next to the bathroom with a Jacuzzi tub, rain shower and heated towel bar.  Both baths have heated marble floors and we have Turkish cotton towels.   -The new Master Suite bedroom has a queen-sized bed, in-suite bathroom with huge spa tub with city views.  Walk in closetQuiet Ravenna neighborhood nr UW, 20 min. bus ride to downtown Seattle.  Suite with a living room, bedroom and 3/4 bath all to yourself.  New firm bed.  Allergy free bedroom (dust mite covers on queen mattress) & cork floors.  Free street parking This is the  suite in the daylight basement of my home.  It has a bedroom as well as a separate living room that is carpeted and twice the size of the bedroom. You'll also have your own private bathroom with a shower as well. Recently painted and updated.  New and clean. No Basement smell. Carpeted living room and a cork floor in the bedroom makes it very cozy. You'll have a heater and quilt in winter and a window that opens to control your temperature. Nice and cool in the summer months. You can just see the olympic mountain range from one of the living room windows. The common areas are the dining room and kitchen upstairs. There is a moderate amount of food storage space for you on the shelves as you walk into the kitchen on your left and sIdeal location for students, graduate/doctoral studies, internships,and travel. Wonderful fully furnished rooms available located near seattle's largest greenlake park and recreations  and university of Washington. Minutes to downtown Seattle by bus, bike or car. Walking distance to restaurants, coffee shops, café and lake Close to Green lake park, downtown seattle, university of washington Free WiFi, cable TV, microwave, mini refrigerator in room, coin operated laundry $1 each (quarters) washer/dryer Happy to give advice and show around city if available Walk to beautiful green lake park and university of Washington. Minutes from downtown seattle by bus, car and bicycle. Metro bus trip planner (URL HIDDEN) to downtown seattle 15 minutes: routes (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN). To Northgate mall shopping route 66, 16. To university of Washington route 48. Cab downtown $10-$15 There are many wonderful outdoor activities to explore the great pacific Northwest mountains, lakes, and rivers around thWelcome to this charming home with modern amenities! The Rose Room features plantation shutters, hardwood floors, 10-foot ceilings, and picture rails . 1-2 kid(s) can sleep next door in the Amber Room. Private bath/tub, kitchen access, free wi-fi, street parking. The home is a quiet haven in the middle of the city life. Stay in all day or get out and play. 10 foot ceilings and hardwood floors throughout. Only four miles north of downtown Seattle, one mile from University of Washington, a short walk to Whole Foods and restaurants. Very walkable (Walkscore 89), 5 minutes to buses. Private full bathroom, kitchen and fridge access, enjoy your meals in the dining room, use the entire first floor as you like. The wood burning fire place has a log waiting to be lit. There is a second (over flow) room that can sleep 1-2 kids (adults have sometimes stayed there also), but be aware, it comes with an air mattress. You can reach me via email or phone instantly. I will be upstairs most days. I willA nice room situated in a nice neighborhood with newly installed double pane window, beautiful real hardwood floor and fireplace. Short walk to U Village Shopping center and many shops, restaurants,  UW,parks as well as pedestrian and bicycle trails. This furnished room is on the main entrance level in a quiet house with a serene courtyard, located in a quiet neighborhood of the famous University Village. Restaurants, banks, and shopping center are within 5 minutes walking distance.  You share the bathroom and kitchen with two other graduates and one professor and  We have cleaning people to clean the kitchen and bathroom biweekly.  We always keep it clean.  *Free WiFi  *Private entry door *Free street parking or off street double parking.  *Fully equipped kitchen  *All of the windows are double pane new windows.  * One full size mattress bed with a brand new memory foam topper, desk, chair, book shelves. * Pillow case, comforter duvet, bed sheets, towels are always freshly washed. ForLight and bright Ravenna home with newly-renovated chef's kitchen, open dining/living spaces, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a separate family/TV room, laundry space, and fenced yard.  Located near UW, eateries, U Village, and parks. Pet and kid friendly! This light and bright Seattle Tudor was built in the 1920's and lovingly remodeled in 2014 with all the character of an old house preserved .  It's within walking distance to the University of Washington, University Village shopping center, parks, shops, and restaurants. This rental is for the entire house, unshared. The main floor of our home has a large living room with TV, open dining room, and a chef's kitchen.  There are two bedrooms, one with a queen-sized mattress, and one with a twin (plus a pack and play in the closet for visiting babies) on this level as well as a tastefully-updated bathroom with tub. The lower level has a large playroom, equipped with a futon couch and TV.  A bedroom is located just off this space, boasting a comRoom is located in a house within walking distance of University Village, University of Washington, Burke-Gilman trail, and bus lines. Close to shopping, restaurants, groceries. Safe and quiet neighborhood.Bring fido and stay in this charming 2 story town house! Soaring ceilings and an open loft bedroom make this 800 sq ft home feel roomy. You'll have a gourmet kitchen for cooking, a second bedroom downstairs, parking, all close to parks and 10 mins to downtown. This is a modern, built green 2 story loft style town home, 5 miles to downtown Seattle, and a 20 min ride to Seatac airport-it's a great option for travelers flying in or driving over for the weekend! As a dog lover, I understand folks who don't like to leave home without their best friend, so dogs are welcome (less than 60 lbs preferred, exceptions made case by case, please inquire). Enjoy the entire town house which sleeps up to 4 people (1 queen bed in the master bedroom loft and the downstairs bedroom includes a futon that pulls out to queen size). There is ample off street parking, a small side yard for your small dog (less than 60 lbs preferred). The master bedroom is an open loft with access to the master bathroom. There We have a renovated studio guest house for rent. Beautiful bamboo floors, granite kitchen counters. The unit is fully furnished includes all utilities, cable TV and wireless internet. The kitchen has a stove, microwave, dishwasher and fridge. It's just a small but very cozy and feature packed guest house.  We just built it in January 2014 so everything is like new.  There is a queen size bed, a loveseat, a dining table for 2, a small desk and desk chair as well as a small chest of drawers in the closet.  The space can hold up to 2 guests. The guest house has all its own amenities.  Nothing is shared with the main house.  Except the yard is shared with our dog.  There is 1 parking space available in the driveway for guests. We live in the main house and will be available for questions or issues, but otherwise won't bother you. We love the greenbelt behind our property, it makes it feel like we're not in the city.  However we're only 15 minutes from downtown by car. There are 2 bus linesYou will be comfortable in a clean and bright bedroom, with your own full bathroom, and shared living and kitchen space. Our home in a beautifully landscaped urban cohousing community, is a 15-20 minute bus ride to the city center. We are located in a cohousing community, so you will see probably see our neighbors, both children and adults, walking by, working in our  community gardens or playing. There is plenty of privacy in the house and a private deck where you can sit under our grape arbor and have your breakfast on a warm day or read a book. Both of us, Trudi and Stu, are happy to help you with logistics and suggestions for places to eat or sight see, according to your interests. You will have your own bathroom, with a large shower. We have a well equipped kitchen and can provide some refrigerator or other food storage space. We would appreciate if you let us know in advance.  The bedroom has a large screen TV and Roku, Blu-ray and Netflix. There is storage space for your belongiNew on mrkt; house next to quiet walk/view/kid PARK; sweet 2 bdrm home w/lrg fenced yd.  West Seattle, 10 min to downtown Seattle + 10 min to airport.  Lrg livingroom and good size bedrooms.  1 Qn + 2 twins. Park has tennis cts, bsktbll & sccr/bb Great little house to feel like you are at home and have a dog comfortably secure in 6' fenced yard. Comfortable so sit back and relax.  Full kitchen conveniences.  Laundry room at back door so dog can come in and out and stay safe while out you are out visiting/sightseeing. Tennis & basketball courts, soccer & baseball  fields; plenty of parking; dog walk trail; views of Seattle from park across the street The whole house is yours to enjoy! Great quiet neighbors who love their location.  Very friendly!  Easy commute to downtown Seattle.  Bus line 3 and 5 blocks away (3 long blocks or 1 long block + 4 short blocks)  Main bus lines. 2 different bus lines into downtown.  Easy communte to Clink, Safeco Fields, downtown and airport No dogs on furnA light filled private apartment, with windows in each room, overlooking our garden & greenbelt. Total seclusion & relaxation after a long day exploring Seattle. Return to our garden oasis, relax, and you'll forget you're even in the city!     INSIDE • Secure & private with separate entrance • Radiant heat throughout the apartment keeps  you cozy!     • DOWNSTAIRS BEDROOM WITH SUPER COMFY QUEEN SIZE BED  • Twin electric air mattress for an additional guest  • Extra linens and blankets  • Desk   • Closet and dresser SEPARATE LIVING ROOM UPSTAIRS • Leather reclining couch   • 42" LCD TV • Cable, HDTV & HBO  • Wifi throughout the apartment and garden • Lots of books and games  • Bistro table with 2 chairs for dining • FULL KITCHEN with gas stove, full size refrigerator/freezer, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, tea kettle  • Organic oatmeal & breakfast bars.  Organic eggs are provided for the first 2 nights stay. • Organic coffee & tea with organic creamers • Cooking utensils, pots & pansOur split-level West Seattle home is on a quiet street near South Seattle College, 3 blocks from the city bus stop, minutes to downtown Seattle, stadiums, Alki Beach, West Seattle Junction, and the Vashon Island Ferry. Enjoy our deck and our garden! Your private room, with a full-sized bed, and it's adjacent bathroom are on the first level of our house, which also has the family room, with a TV, and laundry facilities. This allows for complete privacy for you.  You will share our kitchen, dining room, living room and family room. If you need refrigerator space, we can provide that. We will definitely welcome you at check-in time. We will most likely leave you alone, but feel free to chat and share stories with us, if you feel like it. We can provide tips for exploring Seattle and nearby areas. Our quiet neighborhood is a great jump-off place to explore Seattle and nearby areas, and our home is a quiet retreat from a busy day of touring or meetings. South Seattle College and the ChineseCute little studio apartment located in Highland park, which is part of West Seattle. Studio is built above a detached garage with balcony. Includes tv, internet, queen futon bed, small kitchenette, bathroom w/ shower. Small dining area. Unit located above garage. Park in your own parking space and walk in through the gate in our back yard oasis, while greeted by our super friendly dogs "Chip" and his sister"Salsa". Up the stairs and your in your own little one bedroom studio. queen size futon bed, TV, internet, DVD. kitchenette includes mini fridge, hot plate, toaster oven, microwave, dishes for two. Unit is small and cozy, with limited head room in some areas. we can be contacted for further questions at (phone number hidden) Patio area, and studio. Possibly see each other in passing. Feel free to ask us for anything.. Any where you want to go in Seattle is only 20 min or less away. Airport 20 min. Downtown 20 min. Alki beach 10 min. West Seattle junction 10 min. West Seattle water tMax's West Seattle Hideaway, started out as a foreclosure and is slowly making it's way to a small private retreat.  It is a work in progress... Looking for something close to the city, but away from the hustle and bustle? Want to feel at home when you're away from home? Come enjoy a stay in the eclectic community of West Seattle! My 1926 Craftsman bungalow is on a quiet, residential street with convenient, free on street parking. Additionally, the bus line going directly to Seattle is one block away (20-30 minute ride). I share my home with my dog Max.  He's a shepherd/beagle mix with a very sweet disposition. The guest room has a queen bed, chest of drawers, small flat screen TV with DVD player and closet. Fresh bed linens are supplied.  Towels and washcloths are provided for the bathroom. Please note: There is only one bathroom in the house, so it IS shared. Wireless internet is available. In the mornings I have assorted teas, and regular coffee available as well as oatmeal, fruit aSparkling new unit.  800 sq ft w/open Living/Dining/Kitchen area;  Walk to Husky Stadium!   Bedroom with shutters that open to the view;   Huge bathroom and closet;  In-unit Laundry; 150 sq ft deck w/view.  Centrally located! The apartment is a very private space, located on the lower floor and the back side of a small 6 unit apartment building. Guests will be wowed by the 8 x 20 foot deck with glass railings, and the fantastic views of Portage Bay and the University of Washington. Inside, the unit is furnished in a clean, modern style with everything you need for a comfortable stay. • Bedroom has California King bed and shutters that open to a view out the living room windows • Huge bathroom,  dedicated laundry area • Living room sofa folds out flat into a twin + sized bed for a second sleeping option  • Beautiful  kitchen with plenty of cabinet space, quartz countertops, and new stainless appliances: side-by-side fridge, electric range, range-top microwave, and dishwasher • 150 squarA 4500 square foot elegant home that is the perfect blend of old and new.  Centrally located in a quiet and highly desirable neighborhood, this family friendly home is just minutes from both UW and downtown.  There are plenty of restaurant options within walking distance as well as transportation options nearby.  This house is better suited for families and mature groups. Enter the front door, into a grand formal entry with sweeping staircase leading to the second floor.  Off to the right is a large dining room that seats 8 comfortably.  Off to the left, the living room has multiple couches and seating options for reading, curling up by the gas fire, or enjoying the large screen TV (cable included).   Off the living room is an additional sun room with northern views of the University, with an L shaped couch which offers another intimate gathering space.  An updated kitchen with top of the line appliances (gas stove/oven), an eating bar, and additional eating area with territorial viewsOur home is cozy with lots of natural light. The view overlooking Portage Bay is unlike any other. You can enjoy meals or a glass of wine on our private porch and watch sailboats, kayakers and yachts drift by. Our quiet, centralized location is perfect for your Seattle bucket list. The view of Portage Bay makes this space very unique. The back wall of the apartment is all windows overlooking the bay.  Our guests sleep on an expandable Ikea couch. We provide fresh sheets, blankets and two pillows. The couch is in the living room. We have to walk past the couch to get to the kitchen. We will give you as much privacy as possible!  The apartment is in a quieter area of the city in close proximity (driving, bus or bike ride) to most all of the city's favorites! Guests will have access to all areas of the apartment. We are happy to share our spices, cooking oil, etc. Guests are welcome to any kitchen utilities or supplies. We ask that guests bring their own food, if you wish to cook. We are This listing is for a cozy room nestled in the Roanoke park neighborhood. Our home is close to popular areas of Seattle; downtown is 5 minutes away by car, and 10 minutes away by bus. Our space is close to all the activities that Seattle has to offer. It has restaurants and convenience stores nearby, and it sits one block away from beautiful Roanoke park. We're very close to the University of Washington, are we're also close to Capitol Hill and Downtown Seattle. It's a Craftsman house with crown molding, hardwood floors, and leaded glass windows. bathroom: Rustic, walk-in shower, as well as original classic claw foot tub; shared. Shampoo & conditioner, hair dryer, and fresh towels provided at your convenience. room: Sun porch is an extension off of your room; enjoy a cup of coffee or tea, or grab something from the mini fridge in this cozy nook. WiFi, and a TV with Chrome Cast included. other perusals: The patio is available for your use, and includes a propane grill. Inside, you'll fiCentrally located, minutes to downtown. Views are panoramic of the Cascade Mountains,  Portage Bay and University of Washington. We overlook the Seattle Yacht Club and Seattle's famous floating homes. Walk to restaurants. Superb & quiet neighborhood! Welcome! Our house is ideally located for visiting Seattle. Minutes to downtown sites and nightlife, but in a quiet highly desirable neighbourhood. Our fully remodeled 1903 house is bright and light with an open floor plan in the main floor. The gourmet kitchen is well-equipped for entertaining and large groups. The kitchen opens to the living space which also has a built-in reading nook for afternoon lounging. The kitchen also opens to an East-facing deck with tables and seating for eight. The gas BBQ is just down the stairs. Just off the entry is our den with fireplace, piano and guest guitars for your use.  The second floor has three bedrooms, each with ample space.  The master bed is a Cal King, one bedroom is a double bed and the othe        Midcentury style home overlooking Portage Bay with dock access (no boat mooring at this time). Walking distance to UW, Husky stadium, U-Hospital. East facing with gorgeous views of Cascade mountain range. Private garden and large deck.       The house fits 6 guests very comfortably in 3 bedrooms. The furniture is a combination of vintage midcentury and current labels such as Crate and Barrel. We have styled the home to be a vacation dream of comfort, the  couch in the living room is the best for napping and lounging the beds are all pillow top, the linnens are all Nordstrom 400ct. Our house is at the center of the very best that Seattle has to offer - views, water, and fast access to downtown and surrounding neighborhoods (South Lake Union, Capitol Hill, Ballard, Queen Anne, U district).  A large open floor plan with an incredible view deck.  A fun walking, biking or jogging neighborhood. We LOVE having guests but respect your privacy 100%.  Our goal is to have you back, let usPrivate first floor room and bathroom with separate entrance in a lovely renovated floating home on Portage Bay, Seattle. 10 minute walk to the UW campus and close to many bus routes. Experience life on the water for a while - it is special. Lots of people are curious about Seattle "houseboats" - I was one of them. Now that I live in one, it  makes me very happy to be able to share the space with others who would like to experience this unique lifestyle for a few days. The house is super comfortable and supremely well-located in an historically significant neighborhood. You will need to be able to navigate a set of stairs and a short (somewhat fragile) dock.  The dock is fixed but the house floats and the water level changes, so you may also have to negotiate differences in the levels of the walkways.  Once you enter the neighborhood, it will be a different world - close to nature and right on the water. You will have access to everything on the ground floor, inside and out (approx. 80Recently remodeled 4br/2.75ba family-friendly house with modern amenities including gourmet kitchen, full size stone tile shower, and space for the whole family.  Located centrally with easy access to the airport, freeways, the city and more. Our house is a 1920s house but with all the modern amenities.  Over the last ten years we've redone literally every piece of it to make sure it's a great home for us and a great space for you.   We'll start with the basics - the house is on an alleyway and you have parking for 2-3 cars in the back and oodles of parking on the street. There's never a shortage of parking by our house.  The back of the house also has a 200+ square foot deck where you can sit out and enjoy the sunny days in Seattle. When you enter the house (with a keypad lock, so no worries about futzing with keys) you'll have an entry way complete with seating bench, cubbies, and a closet for all your outdoor clothes.  It's time to get comfy! Walk through our gourmet kitchen and youThis listing is for a large room connected to a sun porch overlooking the Roanoke park neighborhood. Our home is close to popular areas of Seattle; downtown is 5 minutes away by car, and 10 minutes away by bus. Our space is close to all the activities that Seattle has to offer. It has restaurants and convenience stores nearby, and it sits one block away from beautiful Roanoke park. We're very close to the University of Washington, are we're also close to Capitol Hill and Downtown Seattle. It's a Craftsman house with crown molding, hardwood floors, and leaded glass windows. bathroom: Rustic, walk-in shower, as well as original classic claw foot tub; shared. Shampoo & conditioner, hair dryer, and fresh towels provided at your convenience.  room: Sun porch is an extension off of your room; enjoy a cup of coffee or tea, or grab something from the mini fridge in this cozy nook. WiFi, and a TV with Chrome Cast included.   other perusals: The patio is available for your use, and includes a prOpen and airy layout with 9' ceilings, a wall of windows, hardwoods, gourmet kitchen w/ appliances, granite counter-tops, sleek dark cabinets.  A community garden/courtyard is perfect for barbecuing, socializing & enjoying the Lake Union view. Who Airbnb's our place?: This condo is perfect for a small family, couples or an individual traveler interested in booking for short-term trips. Most of our guests have been couples and even one family of three which included a small baby.  What's the building like?: The building is 4 stories tall and sits about 400 feet from Lake Union on the northeast side.  What about the unit?: The unit and surrounding neighbors are quiet, kind and respectful. Inside the unit is 702 square feet, primarily hardwood and carpeted in the bedroom. There is a fully stocked kitchen, bathroom and very comfortable bed with memory foam mattress. One of the best features are the wall to wall windows in the living room that let in a ton of light when it's not a cloudy SeYour own private entrance, enormous windows with views on two sides of a canal, a bay, a lake, the Cascade Mountains (see Mt. Baker on a clear day) amazing sunrises and despite facing East, sunset time is gorgeous too -complete with alpenglow. Two bedrooms, one King bed, one Queen bed, large living area and a large kitchen with a pass through window the dining area. Large backyard with a deck and a grassy area big enough for lounging and bocce, Too small for baseball, but there is a park three quiet blocks away. If I'm home I'm happy to help, I usually just provide a list of the great food and sights nearby.  I'm always available via text or email with any Seattle tips and tricks, I know this town well! Come home to a quiet block of stately homes from the early 1900s but take advantage of nearby food and entertainment options that you can walk to. Ample on street parking, bus lines to downtown Seattle and other points of interest within two blocks.  Best location for Uber cars and YellI love my apartment! It is spacious, light, with a view of the beautiful Ship Canal Bridge and University drawbridge, and would love to share it with you.  It has everything: kitchen, bus lines, parking, a bakery on the ground floor and dog friendly! My spacious 1 bedroom is a great space for a few days in the city. It has a parking spot but is very walkable and has access to buses that go directly to the heart of Capitol Hill (5 mins), South Lake Union/Downtown/Pike Market (7-10 mins), and the Stadiums (15-20 mins). So I would recommend skipping the car!  The apartment is right on the ship canal and the University drawbridge, so the Burke Gilman Trail--the 27 mile waterfront urban trail that you can walk or bike (or rollerblade if you're visiting from the 1990s) to Ballard or out to wine tasting in Woodinville--is just a block away over the bridge. A lovely place for a long walk! It's 3 miles round trip along north Lake Union to the famous Gasworks Park, 4 miles round trip walk or bikThis newly remodeled and  modern apartment is a perfect location for travelers.  Walk to Husky Stadium, Eastlake shops and dining.  Easy bus ride to Downtown, Amazon, UW, Seattle U, and Capitol Hill.  Idyllic views of Portage Bay, houseboats, and the UW campus.  1,000 Square feet. The apartment is a very private space, located on the lower floor and the back side  of a small 6 unit apartment building.  Guests will be wowed by the 8 x 20 foot deck with glass railings, the Sonos the Ultimate Home Music Experience, and the fantastic views of Portage Bay and the University of Washington.  Inside, the unit is furnished in a clean, modern style with everything you need for a comfortable stay. • Main Bedroom has California King bed and Armoire-style closet •  Second Bedroom has full-sized bed and walk in closet • Living room sofa folds out flat into a twin-sized bed for a third sleeping option • Full kitchen with side-by-side fridge, electric range, range-top microwave, and dishwasher • 1,000We have a lovely private room called the Garden Room. We are conveniently located near U Village, Children' s Hospital, 15 minutes by car from Downtown Seattle, 4 houses away from the Burke Gillman Trail, close proximity to Magneson Park and more! We are within a 2 minute walk to public transportation. Seatec Airport is approximately 25 minutes south. Located nearby in walking distance is a Gourmet Market and the U Villiage outdoor mall with plenty of restaurants.  You can also rent one of my bikes for $5.00/a day and take the Burke Gilman trail to Lake Washington. You can expect your hostess to interact with guests as much or as little as they wish. Always available to help out with any inquiries or just to chat. Bus #'s 65, also #75, as well as #71, additionally #73 are in very close proximity.We have a lovely private room called the Cascadia Room. Inside the room you will find it fully furnished with everything you will need: Queen size pillow-top bed, dresser, couch, personal fridge w/freezer, microwave, closet, ceiling fan, night stands and a view of the rear yard garden area. We are conveniently located near U Village, Children' s Hospital, 15 minutes by car from Downtown Seattle, 4 houses away from the Burke Gillman Trail, close proximity to Magneson Park and more! We are within a 2 minute walk to public transportation. Seatec Airport is approximately 25 minutes south. Located nearby in walking distance is a Gourmet Market and the U Village outdoor mall with plenty of restaurants.  We do have 2 small dogs that will be a bit yappy at first but we are working on that. They are actually pretty cute once they get used to you. Their Room, shared bath, shared kitchen, shared living room, shared dining room, shared laundry room and back yard.  I interact with guests as much orPrivate room/bathroom on own floor -Great room right next to the Burke-GIlman Bike Trail & Seattle Children's Hospital -Short walk to Metropolitan Market & U. Village Mall -Convenient bus routes right at your doorstep -Minutes from U Washington Private room/bathroom on own floor -Great room right next to the Burke-GIlman Bike Trail & Seattle Children's Hospital -Short walk to Metropolitan Market & U. Village Mall -Convenient bus routes right at your doorstep -Minutes from U WashingtonOur 2,500 sq ft home tucked in a quiet, peaceful neighborhood is within walking distance of the University of Washington, Husky Stadium, University Village Shopping Center, Children's Hospital, UW Medical Center and the Burke Gilman Trail, which surrounds Lake Washington for walking, running, and biking. A beautifully furnished, spacious open floor plan has a grand entry and cozy living room with gas fireplace. The family room has a 55 inch LCD flat screen TV and a gas fireplace adjoining an eating area next to a fully equipped kitchen with granite counter tops, stainless steel Viking appliances, a large island with bar stools, and a dining room that comfortably seats 8. French doors lead out to a private, fully enclosed courtyard with grill and outdoor seating.  The upper floor offers two executive offices, one furnished with an antique leather desk, the other with a modern style glass desk and a full size sectional couch. The spacious master bedroom suite with King sized bed has an aThis is a very unique and beautiful cottage, with high ceilings, subway tile, restoration hardware lighting, french doors, and sleeping loft. Kitchenette, no stove, but with a single burner. Close to U-village and Children's Hospital. High ceilings with large windows and cement floors. This cottage has a nice mix of old and new. Guests have separate house with backyard. Neighborhood is close to shopping at University Village and Metropolitan Market. I will almost always be available for any help or questions you may have. This neighborhood is very safe and quiet. Big trees line the street and it is very close to shopping and healthy groceries. Metro city bus line is on three blocks away.Near the University of Washington on a tree-lined street, our home is light, bright, spacious, and clean.  Warm yourself up next to one of the two gas stoves after jumping on the trampoline in the backyard -- it's the perfect home away from home. The house has four bedrooms.  Three queen-sized beds and one king-sized bed.  There is one full bath with a skylight and one 3/4 bath.   From the back of the house on a clear day there are views of the Olympic Mountains and on many mornings you can see amazing sunrises.  Our home, located in the Bryant neighborhood, is on a quiet, tree-lined street. We're just a few blocks away from the Burke-Gilman, the best bike trail in the city.  We're also within blocks of U Village, one of the best shopping spots in Seattle.  The Bryant neighborhood is residential, quiet, and close to everything. It's just a few minutes away from the University of Washington, Children's Hospital, and great restaurants. There is a Metro Bus stop just half a block away. FrThis is a cozy room located in a great location if you will be at Children's Hospital, the University of Washington Medical Center or the University of Washington. We are conveniently located near U Village, Children' s Hospital, 15 minutes by car from Downtown Seattle, 4 houses away from the Burke Gillman Trail, close proximity to Magneson Park and more! We are within a 2 minute walk to public transportation. Seatec Airport is approximately 25 minutes south. Also be sure to understand that some small dogs that live here too and they are a bit yappy. They will sometimes jump on your leg but they settle down and will get accustomed to a new person while looking for dog treats and petting. Additionally, the Ginger Room is often occupied by a female that frequently travels.  Located nearby in walking distance is a Gourmet Market and the U Village outdoor mall with plenty of restaurants. All shared areas plus the backyard garden. I interact with guests as much or as little as they wish. I This charming 1940's house is fully remodeled. Right off the Burke-Gilman Trail and minutes from UVillage. 3bedroom(ones a nursery) 2bathroom fully finished basement which can also sleep additional people. Perfect for hosting people with a large yard. 10min from downtown. 2 blocks from the best grocery store. The entire house and yard 1 2 blocks from the Metropolitan Market, the best grocery store in Seattle. The Burke-Gilman trail is the most famous walking biking path in Seattle the goes for miles. You can walk it to UVillage, a great shopping and restaurant area.  One block from two bus stops The entire house and yard 1 2 blocks from the Metropolitan Market, the best grocery store in Seattle. The Burke-Gilman trail is the most famous walking biking path in Seattle the goes for miles. You can walk it to UVillage, a great shopping and restaurant area. One block from two bus stopsThis family home has 3 bedrooms and 1 bath and rest on a quiet neighborhood street. Downtown is accessible easily by bus, the UW is available by bus, bike or walking. Beautiful home in great Seattle neighborhood.   Close, walkable to UW, Children's Hospital, cafes, stores, University Village, and the Burke Gilman bike trail which can take you pretty much anywhere! Please no smokers.  I have this listed as a non-smoking house, and that doesn't mean that smoking outside or elsewhere is ok and then coming into the house.  The chemicals and smell linger on a smoker and therefore, please no smokers allowed. My guest have full access of the house other than my room.   For the spring, I will be home later in the evenings only, but gone the rest of the day and early evening.  I will be out of town most of the week after Memorial Day, for a couple of weeks at the end of June, early July and again later in August. If and when I may be at home, my guest would have complete privacy and access to tClose to: UW Campus, Children's & UW Hospitals, & U Village; 7 minute drive to I-5 & just 1 exit to Capitol Hill, 2 to Queen Anne & 3 to Downtown; easy walk to: PCC & Metropolitan Markets, & multiple bus routes to Downtown & all of Seattle.  Cosy & clean one bedroom/one bathroom downstairs apartment in home.  At 700 square feet, the apartment is spacious with a full kitchen, washer/dryer, gas fireplace, ample recessed lighting throughout, & a tankless/on-demand water heater (so that hot water does not run out mid-shower).  Separate entrance & parking in quiet, beautiful & safe residential neighborhood, ideally situated for walking & biking, with dining, shopping & groceries nearby.  Large sunny yard has organic fruit & vegetable gardens, mature trees, & a picnic table. The apartment is very comfortably furnished with a king size Duxiana bed (this is an especially comfortable bed), two full size couches, a large desk, dining table, & reading library. Wireless internet service gives guesHi, If you're looking for a nice, relaxed place to stay with lots of privacy and comfort, take a look at the rest of this posting. We've got a large furnished room in the downstairs with access to a private bathroom and full privacy. A beautifully recently remodeled brick home, we're located in Wedgwood, a quiet neighborhood that allows for one to escape the hustle and bustle of the city, yet allows for easy access to some of the busiest parts of the city! The room downstairs is fully furnished with mostly everything you need. -Desk and workspace -Full size tempurpedic bed -40" Plasma with HDMI -Microwave and Coffee maker -Private heating system The bathroom is just down the hall -Fresh towels -Shower -Washer and Dryer -Toilet Our home is two stories, your room is in the downstairs as well as the bathroom. Essentially, you'll have all of the privacy downstairs as we will be keeping the door to the upstairs closed. However, you'll only have access to the room and bathroom you're stayingOur bright and spacious home is a cozy oasis in the midst of a bustling city neighborhood.  Visitors enjoy the beautiful kitchen's update complete with new gas appliances and all the modern conveniences of home. Our bright and spacious home is a cozy oasis in the midst of a bustling city neighborhood.  Visitors enjoy the beautiful kitchen's clean and updated industrial feel, complete with new gas appliances and all the modern conveniences of home.  Sleep in comfort and security in one of the Seattle area's safest neighborhoods.  Guests enjoy the entire 3 bedroom house, Sleeps 6, Also a blow up bed kids or adult could sleep on. Fenced back yard with fire pit, & Off-street parking in the driveway.   Owners are minutes away and are available at any time during guests stay. Our neighborhood is full of restaurants, shops, boutiques, and 2 of the city's finest groceries.   Unlimited shopping opportunities at University Village as well as neighborhood boutiques and specialty stores.  UniversiLocated on a corner lot in the heart of the Bryant neighborhood. Covered porches provide a private, countryside feel. One block from both the Burke-Gilman trail. Walking distance to numerous pubs, restaurants, and parks. Ample parking. My favorite part of this home is by far and away the garden. It has been landscaped with inspired outdoor living spaces, fruit trees, grape vines, pacific NW natives & perennials. The front porch is covered to allow year round enjoyment regardless of the rain. I love taking my morning coffee from the porch swing! I own the home and have redesigned it to be a duplex. I live in the other side of the duplex but am rarely home due to medical school obligations. You'll have prompt cell or text communication with either Kaitlin, my girlfriend, or me during your stay. I will respect your privacy completely and will be responsive if there are questions or concerns. There are a number of bus routes that run down 40th Ave NE (just two blocks from the house) that wCute stylish bungalow with formal kitchen, dining and living facilities in safe quiet residential neighborhood.  Wifi, Cable Tv available. Comfortably sleeps two, with the sofa bed sleeps 3. Hotel level accommodations in this compact home, in a residential neighborhood yet close to University Village, Children's Hospital, University of Washington, University Medical Center, Burke Gilman trail, Husky Stadium.  Easy access to downtown Seattle Guests have access to WIFI, Cable TV, radio/stereo, built in coffee machine, all appliances of kitchen, spices and kitchen ware, bedroom, bathroom (tub only, no shower), kitchen,and dining room. Parking pass available for parking during Husky Games. China in china cabinet off limits.  Attic bedroom has max 6' ceiling in center, good for shorter people like myself, may be uncomfortable for tall people. Steep stairs to attic bedroom are not suitable for children or elderly. (please see picture of stairs.) Shoes off at front door please.  Basement tena2 BR, 1 BA daylight basement apt in house in great neighborhood close to UW, U Village, Ravenna, Bryant, Children's Hospital.  Amenities include fully equipped kitchen, TV/DVD/wifi, washer/dryer, & use of yard/BBQ.  Discount avail. for wk+/mo+ stay.  Enjoy the best of all worlds – a quiet, garden-setting, but with all the amenities at your fingertips. We are close to the University of Washington, premiere shopping at University Village, restaurants galore, as well as Children's Hospital, and tons of great parks. Multiple bus lines give easy access to other parts of the city. Or, bring your bike! The house is just two blocks away from the Burke Gilman trail.  Apartment has completely separate entrance.  Unit upstairs is also a vacation rental.  Amenities include: WiFi, cable TV/DVD, Full kitchen, ¾ bath, laundry, and shared use of backyard and BBQ. The units have separate entrances.  Guests are given their privacy, but the owner or manager is available as needed. I fell in love with thiModern, clean and cozy apt located in the sought out Seattle neighborhood of Bryant. Minutes away from the University of Washington and Seattle Children's Hospital. Walkable to the neighborhood cafes, grocery stores and library. Convenient bus lines to downtown. Modern and cozy lower unit with private deck. Table and chairs on deck to dine outside. Large windows let in lots of light. French doors lead you into a spacious sunken bedroom with office space. Walk-in closet for all your storage needs.  No carpets in the home, so very allergy friendly and clean. You will have the entire lower unit of a two story home. Private access and free parking. Queen bed in the bedroom, and a queen pull-out futon in the living room.  Other amenities include: -Fresh bed linens -Full kitchen with fridge, dishwasher, gas stove, microwave and coffee maker -Basic kitchen necessities (utensils, plates, mugs, knives, pots, pans, etc) -Bathroom has tub and shower -Soap and fresh towels -Hairdryer -Iron and boaEnjoy watching the mountain and lake and tree tops while living in  the quiet, bright, clean and spacious loft apt. Great neighborhood minutes to UW, Green Lake, Wedgwood, and downtown. You will like this nicely furnished large studio apt  located in the quiet and convenient Bryant/Ravenna neighborhood, just a few blocks north of the University District and south of Wedgewood. Its convenient location near UW, restaurants, whole food store, parks, entertainment and many buslines with easy access to downtown and Eastside employment centers makes its demand the highest in the Seattle area. The Bryant Elementary School and Bryant Neighborhood Playground as well as Burke-Gilman Trail are just a few blocks away. The immediate neighborhood has apartments nestled in with single family homes creating a quiet and safe atmosphere. *Furnished and equipped.  * Private deck with a view * one queen bed and one full size futon bed-chair can accommodate 3 people * Professional & responsive management  Classic Seattle home in a great residential neighborhood in the city! Enjoy the best of all worlds– quiet garden setting, all amenities at your fingertips, and only 5 miles from downtown Seattle/Pike Place Mkt!  Discounts avail. for wk+ & mo+ stays. This spacious, 1500 sf, 3 BR, 2 BA unit is great for families or couples. The main floor features 1 bedroom and 1 office/bedroom. Upstairs is a large master suite and treadmill/workout area. We are just 5 miles from downtown, and close to the University of Washington, premiere shopping at University Village, restaurants galore, as well as Children's Hospital, and tons of great parks. There is free street parking.  Multiple bus lines give easy access to other parts of the city.  Or, bring your bike! The house is just two blocks away from the Burke Gilman trail. Amenities include: WiFi, cable TV/Roku, dishwasher, formal dining room, laundry. Unit shares use of backyard and BBQ with separate unit in basement.   People with severe allergies shoThis beautiful loft is within walking distance of Children's Hospital, University Village, University of Washington, shopping, restaurants and healthy groceries.  Stylish and serene, it's a perfect retreat for 1 or 2 people. The loft includes a bedroom with skylight, marble bath, kitchenette and sitting room, with views out over a quiet, tree-lined neighborhood. Guests have a separate entrance through the back garden. It is located on the top level of my tudor style home in the Bryant neighborhood. I'm happy to help in any way to make your visit more enjoyable. The Bryant neighborhood is residential, quiet, and close to everything.  It's just a few minutes away from the University of Washington, Children's Hospital, Burke-Gilman trail, restaurants, shopping and many other places. There is a Metro Bus stop just 2 blocks away.  From there you can easily go downtown and all around the city.  The Burke-Gilman trail is just a block away, a perfect route through the city for walkers and bikeChildren's Hospital, UW Campus, University Village shopping center, Metropolitan Market grocery store and a variety of restaurants within walking distance! Right off bus line and Burke Gilman trail for ease of getting around, unlimited street parking I am a professional track and field athlete traveling for altitude training and competitions, I love my little condo and thought someone else might too while I am away! The condo will be cleaned in-between guests to ensure a comfortable stay, and I have teammates in the neighborhood should any immediate needs arise. Private Townhome: laundry, kitchen with everything available for cooking, cable/DVD player on out 60" TV and stereo, PSP2, wireless internet, full bath and private bedroom with a TEMPURPEDIC queen bed. The couch also become a queen sized sleeper and can accommodate up to 2 more guests. I will contact you upon arrival/checkout to make sure everything is satisfactory, and be available on my cell throughout your stay. Safe neighboThis is a cozy room located in a great location if you will be at Children's Hospital, the University of Washington Medical Center or the University of Washington. This room has currently had some updating and the bed has been moved to the cubby. We are conveniently located near U Village, Children' s Hospital, 15 minutes by car from Downtown Seattle, 4 houses away from the Burke Gillman Trail, close proximity to Magneson Park and more! We are within a 2 minute walk to public transportation. Seatec Airport is approximately 25 minutes south. Located nearby in walking distance is a Gourmet Market and the U Village outdoor mall with plenty of restaurants.  We do have 3 small dogs that will be a bit yappy at first but we are working on that. Don't be surprised if they attempt to intimidate you with their big barking. They are actually pretty cute once they get used to you. I would say that this room does hold 2 people, but it would most likely have optimal comfort for 1 due to the size of Within walking distance of UW( 1.5 miles) U Village(1 mile) and Childrens' Hospital (1/2 mile), this lovely tudor has everything you need to make your Seattle stay great. Quick access to the Burke Gilman Trail also makes it a prime spot for biking. One block from both the 65 and the 73 busses. Includes main floor with living room, dining room, office, remodeled kitchen and updated bathroom. Washer/dryer combination on this floor. 2 bedrooms (1 king and 1 twin) and 1.75 bath upstairs. Beautifully decorated home in the close-in Bryant neighborhood of Seattle.  Cozy, charming and fully equipped.  There is ample street parking in front of the house. Large deck with BBQ looks out over a quaint garden.   Basement floor apartment occupied and accessed from garden.  Please do not disturb tenants. As this is an entire home rental, the place is completely yours to enjoy.  I work during the day but am a phone call/text away if you have any questions. Bryant has a well-kept-secret sort of feel. ItA sophisticated 3BR home in Seattle, 3 miles to Green Lake and 6 miles to the center of the city, with a huge back yard and an unbeatable away-from-it-all feeling. Welcome to our 3BR Seattle vacation rental, just 3 miles from Green Lake and 6 miles from the center of the city, with a huge back yard and an unbeatable away-from-it-all feeling.  Inside, find open-plan living and sophisticated décor, with three double bedrooms and room for six, with a generous bathroom and great living areas.  If you want to spend time outside on your trip, this rental's got you covered: there's a huge back yard featuring a grill, a fire pit, and plenty of seating for everyone for chat long into the evening. Or head out to the many restaurants and attractions nearby. Or take a quick trip into the heart of Seattle.  Whatever you do with your day, the comfort and peace of this rental is there to ensure a great night's rest!  INSIDE THE HOUSE  An open plan living area with leather couch and armchairs greets yCome stay in our comfortable queen size pillow-top bed with rich deep colors that will relax you so you will fall into a tranquil sleep. We are conveniently located near U Village, Children' s Hospital, 15 minutes by car from Downtown Seattle, 4 houses away from the Burke Gillman Trail, close proximity to Magneson Park and more! We are within a 2 minute walk to public transportation. Seatec Airport is approximately 25 minutes south. Located nearby in walking distance is a Gourmet Market and the U Village outdoor mall with plenty of restaurants.  We do have 2 small dogs that will be a bit yappy at first but we are working on that. They are actually pretty cute once they get used to you. I interact with guests as much or as little as they wish. I work mostly from home so I'm around most weekdays at least part of the day and can help out with any inquiries or just to chat. I love how safe and convenient everything is in my neighborhood.  Bus #'s (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) are in very close proHome away from home in quiet neighborhood near U of W and Children's Hospital. Entry is from private garden at rear of home and guests are invited to use the patio BBQ and enjoy the serenity of the garden. Blocks to bus and grocery. Access is along a short path by the side of the house with motion sensor lights for safety in the evening.  There is plenty of street parking in front of the house. I live upstairs and will be very happy to assist with any questions about restaurants, travel or sightseeing.Cute 1920's house in Bryant, NE Seattle (close to UW, U village, Children's, Burke Gillman, etc). 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, fenced yard, quiet street, fully furnished, DW, W/D, FP, WiFi. Sleeps 6. Available for short-term rental. Non Smoking. Entire house Bryant neighborhood. Walk to UW, University Village Shopping, Children's Hospital, shops, restaurants, cafes. 1.5 blocks to Burke Gillman trail. Bike on Burke Gillman trail.  Convenient bus stops nearby.The room is located in an Upper 3 bedroom House Unit. Keyless Access Entry Locks at entrance and room.  Air Forced Furnace Heating, additional space heater in room. Key-less Access Entry Lock Key-less Bedroom Lock. Queen Size bed. Keurig coffee maker. Hardwood Flooring.  Gas Forced-Air Furnace + space Heater in Room Large Living Room/Dining Room  1 Block from Burke Gilman Trail  Steps away from Metropolitan Super Market  Close to UW and 15 min walking distance from Seattle Childrens Hospital. One Car Parking on Driveway  Easy to find Street Parking, No Permit Needed. Living Room, Kitchen, Yard. Feel Free to use pot, pan, silverware, Keurig coffee maker. The house is located in a safe residential neighborhood, it is close to UW and right by Seattle Children's Hospital. getting around: 1 Block from Burke Gilman Trail - Bus stop in front of the house will take you to U-district from there you can transfer to bus to take you to downtown, etc. - Bus Line 30, 65, 74 (For Timetables please goOur newly renovated home is boho chic. Eco friendly solar power & an electric car charger. Cook in our gourmet kitchen & do your shopping at nearby UVillage. It's quiet but Children's Hospital, UW, busses, and much more are within walking distance. The house is newly renovated and carefully decorated with all modern updates including fiber high speed internet, Netflix and Amazon for streaming movies or tv and a CD and DVD player. There is a gas fireplace to keep you cozy in the winter and double ovens for all of your cooking and baking needs. The house has solar panels and an electric car charger in the carport. There is space for parking one car off-street and also plenty of on-street parking. The whole house will be yours during your rental period. I am readily available via email and mobile phone and have local hosts who are always available by phone or in person as necessary to deal with any issues that may arise. Bryant is a great neighborhood because it is quiet but nearby all moPrivate bedroom and bathroom available in a 1500 sq foot townhouse. This room is located on the first floor, which provides a lot of privacy. It contains a twin bed. The bathroom will only be used by you, and has a shower. Free WiFi ** Free Street Parking ** Your Own Private Bathroom ** Kitchen Access ** Pet Free This ground level room has a large sliding door that looks into a private backyard. The twin mattress is a Sealy Posturepedic, which is super comfortable. This room is very private and quiet. The main living area starts on the second floor. You will have access to the kitchen, including a microwave, toaster oven, coffee maker and kettle. We are located in a quiet and safe residential neighborhood with easy street parking, half a mile from Children's Hospital and less than 2 miles away from University Village Mall and UW.  There is a Metropolitan Market across the street, which has an extensive deli, including an espresso bar. There is also a PCC 10 blocks away that has an orgaSpacious bedroom and den with separate entry in our remodeled 1912 Craftsman home. Luxury bathroom has tiled double shower and jacuzzi tub!  Full sofabed with pillowtop mattress, kitchenette and 60" tv in den.  Close to UW and parks. Relax on patio or ride our bikes!  Free parking. Quiet, central neighborhood. We are world travelers and long-time Seattle residents who will ensure you feel comfortable during your stay.  The private space is in the basement of our remodeled 1912 home.  The bedroom has a queen sized bed and natural lighting from 1 large and 2 small windows.  The luxurious bathroom has a tiled double shower and jacuzzi tub. The den offers  a 60" cable TV and sleeps 2 on full sofabed with pillow top mattress.  Minifridge, coffeemaker, microwave, toaster and snacks in kitchenette. The secure separate entry door leads to the back patio.  There is ample free parking on our block. Guests will have shared access to our laundry room in basement. You may use our bicycles and helmeEnjoy one of the quietest streets in the city with unmatched views of Seattle's waterways & mountains, you can enjoy dining inside or out (2 decks), strolling through the historic neighborhood & parks or visiting Seattle's best minutes from our door. This four story Craftsman home is perfect for a family or two to stay in and relax or enjoy unmatched access to downtown, University of Washington, Husky Stadium, Bellevue/Redmond, biking trails, parks, medical centers and a handful of unique Seattle neighborhoods.  Indoor/outdoor dining will be a wonderful option with breathtaking views from our 4th floor deck off the ensuite master bedroom.   Our home is surrounded by wonderful neighbors, parks and restaurants.  You can easily access the "most popular, must see" spots Seattle has to offer, but will also experience countless hidden gems right out our front door. Near bus line and close to downtown and freeways. Guest computer available. Nice outdoor gas BBQ We will be available by email oGreat location on this large upper floor unit of a 1904 Craftsman Style Duplex where Capitol Hill meets Eastlake. With beautiful views of Lake Union this fully furnished two bedroom space is ideal for group stays or family accommodations. This classic home in Eastlake is the perfect place for an extended stay, family vacation or weekend escape. With beautiful views of Lake Union, this space is a true charm.  2 bedrooms with 3 beds a large couch and a pullout, 1 bathroom, and a fully furnished space. Free parking spot included.  Both units have digital locks on their front doors in addition to the main entry. I am also located only a few meters from bus routes, so transportation is a cinch. Please do not bother the other unit or attempt to go into the basement. We can interact as much or as little as you like.  I've lived in Seattle my whole life and know all the best places and the best things to do in Seattle. Eastlake and Capitol Hill have many great restaurants, quaint houseboats, dSuper charming 3 bedroom home in Montlake, one of Seattle's finest neighborhoods.  Built in 1903, this lovely home has 3 bedrooms, 1 bath,  large fenced yard with a brick patio, a classic front porch,  just a block from the Washington Park Arboretum. Our home is a classic Craftsmen, with living and dining rooms, two bedrooms, full bathroom and kitchen on the main floor, and another bedroom, office, and meditation room on the second floor.  The house sits high off the street, with a large covered front porch and a fenced yard with brick patio.  Both the front porch and the patio have outdoor seating. The entire house is available to our guests, and we will not be present at all during your stay.  The keys will be left for you to check in at your convenience, and there will be no interaction with us unless there are specific requirements. We are available to assist our guests through email, voice and text messages.  We have another home in Seattle in addition to this listing, and our maiThis 1918 house in the Montlake district is located between two of the nicest parks in Seattle, Interlaken and the Arboretum. The University is a 20 minute walk or a short bus ride away. Frequent buses take you directly to Capitol Hill or Downtown. I recently purchased this older home when I fell in love with the neighborhood and nearby parks. Two common spaces are available for hanging out, the dining room and an upstairs common room off the back deck. There are two shared bathrooms. You will have access to the kitchen for light meal prep. I am new to Seattle myself and happy to share my discoveries with you. Privacy or more interaction is up to you. I am usually around if you'd like to chat. Montlake is a fashionable residential neighborhood of older homes located just south of "the cut," the boat canal running alongside the University of Washington campus. Nearby Interlaken Park is a tranquil wilderness area hidden in the middle of a dynamic city. And the Arboretum, with its JapanesAn amazing Northwest sanctuary in the heart of the city...   Close to everything in Seattle, yet surrounded by lush vegetation. Recently updated with all modern appliances, new furniture, and quality bedding. A cozy 2-bedroom apartment situated in a beautiful tree-filled park right in the heart of the city. There are only a handful of houses allowed in Interlaken Park, and this is one. Locals often don't believe a park like this exists. Peaceful, yet not very far away from everything Seattle has to offer. Two bedrooms, the first of which has a Queen bed and French doors that open on to a 350 sq ft partially covered wood deck, surrounded by lush vegetation. The second bedroom has two Twin beds. It is light-filled and has a view through and over trees towards the University of Washington. Open kitchen/living-room layout with hardwood (parquet) floors.  A couch pulls out into a comfortable Queen bed for additional guests. The space is quite comfortable for 4 people. It's a bit more cozy fThis 1918 house in the Montlake district is located between two of the nicest parks in Seattle, Interlaken and the Arboretum. The University is a 20 minute walk or a short bus ride away. Frequent buses take you directly to Capitol Hill or Downtown. This beautiful 1918 home in the Montlake district is located between two of the nicest parks in Seattle, Interlaken and the Arboretum.  The home features tastefully appointed bedrooms, inviting dining room and a media/hang-out room for reading, card games or visiting and an updated kitchen for meals in. Our local coffee shop and a bustling Italian restaurant are part of the nearby commercial area.  The University is a 20 minute walk or a short bus ride away. Frequent buses take you directly to vibrant Capitol Hill or Downtown in minutes. Two common spaces are available for hanging out, the dining room and an upstairs common room off the back deck. There are two shared bathrooms. You will have access to the kitchen for light meal prep. Enjoy Large studio, queen bed and sofa  beds accommodate up to 4 in great historic neighborhood. Super convenient location, free off-street parking, WiFi, HD TV with private entrance. Public transport one block away to/from downtown and airport. MORE INFORMATION The Brass Bed Guestroom (BBG) is a nicely sized and comfortable studio apartment in the basement of our turn-of-the-century “salt box" style home in the residential part of Capitol Hill – but just minutes to the commercial and entertainment center of this neighborhood. We are very convenient to all of Seattle's specialty medical centers: the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center, the Seattle Care Alliance, the University of Washington Medical Center and Harborview Medical Center are just minutes away. And South Lake Union's emerging biotech development, the recent addition of Amazon's headquarters and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation are just down the hill from BBG – perfect for business travelers who want all the amenities of a vacatioQuiet, comfortable North Capitol Hill home built 1910 4 bedrooms 3.5 bath, master bedroom views, sunny deck, full kitchen, dining room, office. Excellent internet, lots hot water, parking, 5 min car to B'way commerce and UW. Walkable to Husky Stadium. Four lovely bedrooms available. Master bedroom on 3rd floor with view toward north and master bath with shower and bear claw tub; Queen bed; hardwood floors, rugs. Inlaw bedroom suite on basement level with two full windows; adjoining full bath with shower; Queen bed; cork floors 2nd floor bedroom #1 has a full bed, hardwood floors and full window 2nd floor bedroom #2 has a full bed, hardwood floors and full window 2nd floor office and TV room with comfy couch, hardwood floors, rug Lovely new deck with garden views and yard. Available off-street parking for 1 car; on-street parking is usually easy and available on the block. Guests have full access throughout the house and yard. Gorgeous North Capitol HIll neighborhood. Great walking to pQuiet, comfortable in-law unit separate entrance. 5 min car to UW and B'way commerce. Walk to Husky stadium. Private bathroom. Separate bedroom and living room, full windows. Queen bed. Workdesk, mini kitchenette. Excellent internet. Easy parking. Gorgeous North Capitol HIll neighborhood. Great walking to parks and commercial areas. 5 minutes by car to Broadway, Pike/Pine area on Capitol Hill 5 minutes by car to UW (longer in rush hour peak times) Walking: 5 minutes to local cafe, Frank 15 minutes to Volunteer park cafe 20 minutes to 15th avenue E area bars/restaurants 20 - 25 minutes to B'Way Sunday Farmers market, pike/pine area 15 minutes to Eastlake commercial area 20 - 25 minutes to UW and Husky Stadium Downtown: 10 to 20 minutes by car 30 minutes by 49 bus line 40 minutes pleasant walk (to and down Pine st.) Eastside Microsoft / Bellevue businesses: quick access to highway 520 Minutes from the 49 bus line which brings you to either University of Washington or downtown. We can lenOur home sits on a quiet street close to Volunteer Park. You can spread out over four floors of living space, enjoy great food in the gourmet kitchen, party it up in the restaurants and bars of Capitol Hill or just curl up next to the fireplace. The house has four bedrooms: three with queen beds, one with two twin beds and a crib. The upper floor master suite boasts great views over the university district and Lake Washington and has a private bathroom. The remaining bedrooms share a bathroom. There is also room for two more on couches, though they're not pull-out. Guests have access to all spaces in the house. We will not be present. The house is all yours! There is plenty of street parking. The street is quiet so it's just immediate neighbors and their guests parking there. Two bus lines are nearby (#10 - a 15-minute walk, and #49 - a 10-minute walk) both going to downtown and #49 also going to the University of Washington.A private bedroom with a queen bed in a lovely 3 bedroom home in Montlake, one of Seattle's finest neighborhoods.  Very convenient to Univ of Washington, downtown Seattle, Montlake is very quiet and safe.  The Arboretum, a huge park, is a block away. There are actually two separate bedrooms available, You will have access to the whole house except the master bedroom. We use this house as our second home.  Our primary home is in Bellingham, 1.5 hours from Seattle.  We only use the house when we need to be in Seattle. Montlake is one of Seattle's finest neighborhoods.  It is a neighborhood of historic, single-family homes.   It is very quiet and safe, with plenty of on street parking. Montlake is connected by public transit to downtown Seattle, the University of Washington, and the Eastside communities of Bellevue, Redmond, and Kirkland.We kindly request a two night minimum.  Since we are not a commercial business, we encourage you to have a full profile and a photograph with your profile, and we appreciate knowing a little bit about you and the reason for your visit; especially if you do not have a full profile or reviews from other hosts established.  Thank you for your understanding.   The "Blue Door" Guest Studio is a self-contained two story loft/ studio located in one of Seattle's most prestigious neighborhoods, North Capitol Hill.  The "Blue Door" is a  very special, comfortable and private little space that is connected to our detached garage. In its entirety, it is about the size of a hotel room but divided into two levels. The sitting room is on the ground level and the private entrance opens out to a beautiful shared courtyard with the main house. A very comfortable Queen sized bed is on the second level. Here in the bedroom you can enjoy a 32" flat screen TV with cable. The bathroom in the studio has a shoEnjoy your visit to Seattle in true Northwest fashion in this cozy treehouse. Tucked in the trees, with views of the lake and mountains, you'll hardly believe that you're so close to all you need in the city in this North Capitol Hill bungalow. This space is wonderful. It's peaceful and secluded but close to everything amazing in the city. Walking access to cafes and the waterfront. An bike ride to the university. Easy biking, busing access to all that capitol hill has to offer as well as downtown. Plus, if you're driving, we have a private parking spot so you can travel wherever with ease. The treehouse is cozy with all you need: a full bath, a small kitchen, a warm gas stove and breakfast nook, and a full size bed in the loft. Enjoy your stay in our lovely home. We have wifi, free parking, and a kayak. Feel free to use anything you please. I tend to check you in and check you out and otherwise leave you free to enjoy the space on your own, but I'm always reachable by phone if you havOur sunny guest room is perfect for a couple or single person wanting to enjoy Seattle. We are one block from the bus station, which means you can be downtown in just a few minutes. Great walking neighborhood with tree lined streets and nearby parks.Seattle charm,  renovated, & family-friendly; sleeps 7 (+2 more w/ air mattress) w/ all amenities. Explore the Arboretum and lake with our kayaks! Easy access (2 blocks to bus) to UW, SU, downtown Seattle & Eastside.  Gorgeous garden and deck! The house can comfortable accommodate 7 in beds (2 queen + 3 twin).  There is also a very comfortable queen air mattress (regular bed height, not on the floor) for larger groups.   The basic layout of the house includes: UPSTAIRS: -Master bedroom with queen bed and en-suite spa shower with 3 jets.   -Bedroom with twin trundle bed (sleeps 2).   -Bedroom with 1 twin (bunk with desk underneath, best for a child or someone who doesn't mind climbing up to sleep!). -Full Bathroom. MAIN FLOOR: -Kitchen/ dining room/ living room with gas fireplace.   -Access to deck and outdoor BBQ.  Stairs to backyard garden. -.5 bath BASEMENT:  - Big open room with TV, ping pong, Foosball, games. -Treadmill (ages 18+ please, at your own risk) -Bedroom with Queen bed anOur guest bedroom doesn't have enough guests! Come visit us and enjoy all that Capitol Hill has to offer. We have a guest room available in our family home. It has a queen sized bed, two side tables, a dresser and small (but deep) closet. The bathroom is shared with our two children who use it mainly at bedtime (7pm).  Our children wake at 6am all days so you'll be disturbed for a short period until we make our way downstairs. Living space, shared bathroom, kitchen.  We're pretty busy throughout the week as we're working full time and trying to manage two kids, but we'd be happy to direct you to interesting places in the neighbourhood! Parking is available on the street in front of the house. Two bus lines are nearby (#10 - a 15-minute walk, and #49 - a 10-minute walk) both going to downtown and #49 also going to the University of Washington.Spacious, quiet studio retreat in the lovely Montlake neighborhood just 1 mile to UW campus, with easy access to downtown and Bellevue. Perfect spot for parents visiting their UW student or others wanting a central but quiet location. Enjoy a tranquil retreat in this private spacious and quiet lower-level studio of a 1920s Tudor home in the gracious Montlake neighborhood.  Features: - 500 sq ft. open studio with private entry and custom key code - Queen-size bed with new pillow-top, duvet, and 800-thread count Egyptian cotton sheets - Cozy sitting area with couch, fireplace, books, and games  - Kitchenette with mini-fridge, microwave, coffee maker, electric tea kettle and toaster. Coffee, tea, cold drinks and snacks provided - Excellent public transportation  - Abundant, free street parking  - Great access to nearby amenities Guests have private key-code entrance to the entire lower floor of the house this includes the studio as well as the laundry room. Guests are free to use washer aPrivate lower level studio overlooking a front garden. Living room/bedroom, separate kitchenette, bathroom, and front deck. Centrally located between Capitol Hill, the Arboretum and the University of Washington; a few miles from downtown. Well-appointed and cozy space looking into the garden. Large living room/bedroom (comfortable bed, sofa (with sofa bed), TV, desk, fireplace), separate kitchenette (refrigerator, microwave, mini oven, coffee maker; please note there is no stove), washer and dryer, bathroom.  We provide coffee, tea, snacks, hair dryer, soap, shampoo, umbrellas. Fully private lower level (basement) studio within a house; private entrance through side garden. I am available by phone for any advice or help you may need. Montlake is centrally located between Capitol Hill, the Arboretum and University of Washington. Three miles from downtown, accessible by the 43 and 25 buses. Great neighborhood for walking, biking and kayaking. Coffee shop, restaurants, delis, library justHello! My name is Alex, I have an awesome house in Capitol hill of Seattle. I have a private bedroom/bathroom available. I'm usually at work, or out with friends so the place is quite.Apartment is extremely clean, it is in an older building in a quaint neighborhood of capital hill with a 3 minute walk to Broadway with all great cafes, restaurants, and nightlife. If you are looking for an amazing location, this is a great pick!Seattle Modern 1 bedroom with a spectacular view of downtown Seattle and the Space Needle. Located in the heart of the city-Close to all bus lines &  walking distance to hundreds of businesses and attractions.  Exquisitely Unique & charming vibe. Breathtaking View in the heart of the city. The apartment is modern/cozy/clean. Big balcony with a space heater. Walking distance from countless attractions and less than Ten dollar cab or less to almost all attractions, restaurants, local bars. Very quick and easy access to I-5 South and North Free Street Parking I always meet my guests when they first arrive and will answer any questions and make sure that they are comfortable with everything. I'm also always reachable by text or call for any questions, comments, or concerns. I am more than happy to recommend places to guests that are not very knowledgeable of the Seattle area.  This location sits in the middle between Capitol Hill and Lake Union. These area are the heart and vibe of SeattlePrivate yet a maximum of 5 minutes to anywhere in Seattle - Downtown, Belltown, Capitol Hill. 2 convenient bus stops within a block. Best of all, all the fun dining and coffee shops on Broadway Ave., are a quick walk away. (Walk Score of 95 / 100 - walker's paradise!) As far as the home itself, you will not be disappointed! 2 Spacious bedrooms with bathrooms, a generous living and dining area and a fully equipped kitchen with brand new appliances. There's a laundry room to do your laundry at your convenience. The large balcony has a barbecue grill and gives you a sense of a secluded nest with surrounding greenery right in the heart of the city!  Oh, do I have to even talk about the views? Just take a look at the pictures. Bottom line - you will not be disappointed with this place. In fact, you will not want to leave once you come here :) Happy vacationing! A welcoming urban retreat, with a pillow-top queen bed, in a very desirable location on Capitol Hill- North of Cal Anderson park, two streets from Broadway. And a pleasant walk, or quick ride, to most of what Seattle has to offer... Center of Capitol Hill, steps from Cal Anderson Park-- the quieter tree-lined side; though, diverse, urban and vibrant (this is the most densely populated area of Seattle). The space (private room in a small flat) has a provincial feel with vintage decor and the shared bath is just across from your room. The main shared space is open during the day for reading, relaxing and planning your stay (see orange lounges in photo- this is where I will be).  I've created a peaceful little place, just steps from Cal Anderson Park, for my own relaxation and peace in this exciting diverse vibrant neighborhood- I hope you enjoy it, too!  I prefer guests to contact me and tell me a little bit about yourself when/before you book. I consider hosting AirBnB guests an "indepeIf you're like me when you airbnb, you're looking for:  - A great location  - A comfortable and clean place  - A great price I love my apartment, I think you will too!  I travel for work so I may have random deals, just ask!This tiny apartment is located in the heart of Capital Hill! You're just a short walk from Pike and Pine Street and downtown Seattle. It comes with your own bathroom and kitchen! Don't let the size scare you away. :)Charming 1920's studio apartment in courtyard setting w/gardens...just MINUTES from downtown Seattle!  There is no better (URL HIDDEN) block from Broadway Ave., the grocery store, shopping, bars, restaurants & coffee shops! Charming 1920's studio apartment in courtyard setting w/gardens...just MINUTES from downtown Seattle! There is no better location...you'll be just one block off of Broadway Ave. (transportation!) and from the grocery store, as well as multiple shops, coffee & dining establishments! This quaint studio comes furnished with: Full Kitchen & Bath (incl. all necessary amenities - utensils, cooking utensils, towels, hand soap, dish soap, napkins, etc.) Dining Banquette for dining in Cable TV High-speed Wireless Internet Iron & Ironing Board Desk Ample Closet & Dresser Space Fan(s) supplied for warm weather months Chaise Lounge Super Comfy Queen-Size Four Seasons Pillow Top Bed Coin-op Laundry Facilities are located on the premises Local Restaurant & Sites Guides Guest parkStudio with sunny balcony, full kitchen, queen bed, and washer/dryer. Steps from hip bars, restaurants, and groceries in Seattle's coolest neighborhood! 15 minutes walk to downtown and Pike Place market. FYI for those highly allergic to cats - ones lives here normally, but will be elsewhere when the apartment is listed.Huge studio on Capitol Hill, in the heart of Seattle and it's nightlife neighborhood. A large patio sits outside this cozy, inviting retro and vintage themed space. Close to all bars, restaurants, and activities. ***************I have two loving cats that will remain in the apartment so pet friendly people only please.   Mid Century Modern feel with a load of vintage. An artist creative space, and a large private patio blooming with flowers, vegetable plants, and outdoor seating. Beautiful rooftop, gym, and a community room are all added into this rental. Unit does not have AC but the community room and gym do. Upon arrival I will most likely be here to greet you and show you around the apartment, unless our paths miss! Capitol Hill is fun for any age, there are many activities, coffee shops, parks, bars, restaurants, clubs, art venues, and grocery stores within walking distance. Also a quick walk down to the city center, Pike Place Market, SAM, Space Needle, Waterfront, etc. Walking iEnjoy this vacation destination in the heart of Seattle. Enjoy this vacation destination in the heart of Seattle. Enjoy this vacation destination in the heart of Seattle. Enjoy this vacation destination in the heart of Seattle. Will Revise.Located in the trendy Capitol Hill neighborhood, this unit is designed with both the business and leisure traveler in mind. The unit includes complimentary high-speed wireless internet, Apple TV, and is only blocks from downtown with a 98 Walk Score. Completely remodeled 2bed/2bath unit in Capitol Hill triplex. Located on the main floor of 1901 Classic, this 1,000 sq ft unit overlooks tropical Indochine garden, koi pond and teahouse. This private sanctuary has excellent natural light and the thoughtful re-design creates a spacious, open floor plan.    Unit A features a master bedroom with a king mattress and en suite bath, and a secondary bedroom with a queen mattress and an adjacent bathroom.   The large kitchen has ample storage, gas stove, Bosch d/w, and stainless refrigerator. Large capacity w/d in unit. With thoughtful finishes and incredible attention to detail throughout, this is truly a distinctive urban residence. Ideally located between Broadway and 15th Ave, this property is1 private bedroom in beautiful 2 bedroom (1100 sq ft) apartment Apartment is new with great amenities, rooftop view, and right in the heart of Capitol Hill! Apartment is right on Broadway - a very popular area in Seattle. You will have the private bedroom with queen mattress (pillow-top), walk-in closet, and Juliet balcony You will also have a private bathroom which is very spacious Some reservations may have the larger bedroom suite which has own bathroom attached and air conditioning unit. -Full kitchen (Fridge, Dishwasher, Oven, Stove-top, Microwave, Toaster, George Foreman) -Full Bathroom (Shower/Tub) -Living area (New 64 inch Plasma TV w/ Xbox, Netflix, HBO) -Rooftop lounge area (2 BBQs, tables, sun-chairs) -Workout facilities (Yoga Room and Weight/Cardio room) -Apartment Common Room (Plasma TV, Lounge area, Dining room, Kitchen) I can offer suggestions for site-seeing, restaurants, etc. Capitol Hill is one of the most loved neighborhoods in Seattle. Very centrally located and cloStay in the center of the cultural heart of Seattle! My studio offers stylish yet cozy accommodations seconds away from some of the best venues, bars, cafes and shopping that Seattle has to offer. This is a private studio apartment located in Central Capitol Hill area of Seattle. You will be staying here with my long-haired, extremely friendly and cuddly cat, Kingsley. Other than Kings, you will have the place to yourself.  Feel free to use the kitchen and any dishes, appliances etc. You will have access to my studio apartment, however, I do have a very large closet that will remain closed to guests. I ask that you please leave the closet alone. I am a flight attendant, so my availability to communicate is somewhat limited during the times I am flying. Anything you could want or need is walking distance from the apartment (several grocery stores, convenience stores, drug stores, bars, restaurants,  coffee shops within 5 minute walk). Downtown (Pike's Place, Space Needle, Underground ToThis super cute 1 BR is close to all the amazing things Capitol Hill has to offer. It is very retro chic with a fold out couch and twin bed nook for sleeping. Should you be hiding from the rain, there is Wi-FI and a TV with Chromecast. I will be available to help out with your stay and make things as comfortable for you as I can, but I will be staying elsewhere so you will have the place to yourself. This apartment is located on the second floor of an old building at the corner of Mercer and Broadway. While it is in one of the busiest/most entertaining areas of Capitol Hill, it is located at the end of the Broadway strip where it is a little more quiet at night. While there is plenty to do right nearby, it is also about a 12 minute walk from all the nightlife at E Pike St and E Pine St. Close to bus stops! The bed in the nook is twin size and the nook is rather small. If you are taller than 5'10, it may be a little uncomfortable.Pocket sized apartment built by a carpenter and artist located in the heart of Seattle's hip and happening neighborhood on a corner lot with a private solarium and a large yard. Everything in the studio has been thoughtfully placed and planned out including the Gus Modern couch, the hanging table, and the lofted bed (complete with a firm queen size Tempurpedic). The kitchen runs linear to save space, but it's fully functional and ready for any meal you wish to prepare. Includes a dishwasher, oven, and four burner stove top (though they are miniature!) The bathroom is floor to ceiling tile and is kept very clean. Dual flush toilet and bright lights around the mirror. Each guests with have a fresh towel waiting for them and the bathrooms stocked with shampoo/conditioner, body wash, body lotion, cotton balls, and q-tips. We wash and change the fitted sheet, pillow cases and duvet cover between each guests so we do not do top sheets but we have them available upon request. There is a tableAn unbeatable location,  fantastic kitchen, third floor suite. Main house: 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, 2 fireplaces, perfect for entertaining. Addl basement unit can be rented as well. Short walk to cafes, restaurants, bars; 1 block from bus to downtown. Lovely three story craftsman home in fantastic location walking distance  from award winning restaurants, wonderful cafes, bars.  Can accommodate 8-10. Price is dependent on whether basement unit is included.  Easy access to downtown, the UW, South Lake Union, Fred Hutchinson Medical Center, Amazon campus. Third floor suite with deck, separate basement unit, updated bathrooms, walk in showers. Four queen and one king bed. Additional photographs will be added soon. Includes parking for two cars in a shared driveway.  House has a large back patio with seating for ten and barbeque. The property will be managed; all inquiries will be responded to immediately. Capitol hill is the heart of Seattle. Downtown, the University, Husky Stadium, medical cEpic Capitol Hill penthouse. Location could not be better at Broadway and Pine. Double level apartment with 3 balconies. Private room with en-suite bathroom and 2 chill roommates who both work at Microsoft. One of Capitol hill's most impressive bachelor pads. Huge double level living room, tons of natural light, best location on the hill.  In-building parking can be had, too, by request. My bedroom, the balconies, the living room. Kitchen if you really want it.  I don't have too much closet space so be prepared to live out of your suitcase. My roommates will be in and out and are down to hang out if you want to!This micro studio provides a clean quiet and comfortable accommodation for one or couples or close friends. Equipped with an efficient bathroom, min fridge, flat screen, you're set! The building also features a roof top deck with Space Needle view!This is a beautiful, bright, fully furnished 1 bedroom apartment home in the heart of Capitol Hill in Seattle. Just 2 blocks from the main strip down Broadway you will be walking distance from the best coffee shops, bars, restaurants and stores. This is a unique Spanish style 6 plex in the Captiol Hill neighborhood of Seattle. Not only is it walking distance from several bars, restaurants, coffee shops, grocery stores, golds gym, etc but it is also only 2 blocks from one of Seattle's most loved recreation spots, volunteer park. -The bedroom has a nice large and very comfy king size bed and is quiet as it is located near the back of the building away from the street. -The living room has a large 55" Plasma TV with cable, HBO and a DVD player for renting redbox's and a PS3 for gaming fun with 5 available games. -Complimentary coffee and tea in the kitchen, as well as full use of all utensils, pots and pans ect. You can cook meals here and save $ -WIFI access throughout the apartment -AC Shared townhouse centrally located in Eastlake--near Fred Hutch, SLU and one block from a major bus stop.  Guest shares entrance, but your bedroom, bath and TV room are on your own floor.   Shared access to kitchen/living room. Although a shared townhouse, you will have as much privacy as you wish with an entire floor to yourself (shared entrance). This is a three story townhouse with its own landscaped yard.   Shared entrance and guest area take up all of the first floor.   The shared living room, kitchen and dining room are located on the second floor, which also has a balcony with fantastic city and lake views.    The top floor is my private area. Conveniently located less than one block from bus stops and six block to the SLU Streetcar.    Easy access to I5. Two French Bulldogs have run of the house.   They are crated when I'm gone from the house.This space is in the middle of everything: above a local brewery, across from Cal Anderson Park, a couple blocks from Broadway & the Pike-Pine corridor, easy walking distance from First Hill, and minutes' bus ride from downtown. Small, but with all the comforts of home and far more excitement! I'm more than willing to give hints and tips for those new to the Hill! This is a historically queer neighborhood with high LGBT visibility Very easy access to bus stops; about 5 or 10 within a couple blocks.A spacious apartment in a beautiful traditional brick duplex in the heart of the city of Seattle. Conveniently located in unique and well-established neighborhood.Your own apartment in a lovely, walkable neighborhood full of great shops and restaurants. Quiet basement apartment. Lots of great restaurants within a couple of blocks, or hit the grocery stores around the corner and cook a meal. Your own 1-bedroom apartment. Full kitchen with a few pots and pans, full bath. We might need to pop in once to grab some of our camping gear, but other than that you won't see us. High street with coffee shops, bars, restaurants. Surrounded by nice old homes built by the timber barons. Walkability score of 1 billion. On the 43, 8, and 10 bus lines.  Pack-n-play available for guests with a baby or toddler. Top floor studio apartment with full kitchen and bath in the best part of what is easily the best neighborhood in Seattle. Vintage 1907 building, walk-up, corner unit with huge windows and a killer view of the Seattle skyline, Space Needle and Bay. This space was kept as a landing pad by my globe-trotting uncle for decades and he has finally settled and had me list the space. It is a quiet, cozy studio on the top of Capitol Hill with amazing views. It is a great place to call home while visiting Seattle whether for business, to explore our great outdoors or just to take in the sights of the Northwest.  The apartment as a full kitchen with utensils, dishware, cooking pots, coffee maker, stove, oven, refrigerator and microwave. It also has a full bath with a short tub and towels included. My Uncle keeps a few things in the pine cabinet in the living room but otherwise the place is yours! I live in the building and am available via text pretty much anytime. I will meet you to give you keyThis studio is clean, stylish and quiet. Separate kitchen, TV w/ Netflix, 2 minute walk to: restaurants, bars, shops, parks, grocery, bus lines.  Scroll to the bottom of this page to see a guide to Capitol Hill!  (100 yr old building) This urban sanctuary is in a quiet brick walk-up with a small courtyard, tall ceilings and minimalistic, tasteful decor.  The apartment is a studio with a separate entry hallway and kitchen, making it feel like a cozy personal space.   **Note that check-in on weekdays is 5pm or later.  I have work and usually cannot make it earlier than that.  Weekends check-in times are much more flexible.  Check out is 11am. Guests have access to a full kitchen, TV with 30+ HD channels and Netflix, WiFi, and all other amenities listed. Guests get 100% privacy, but if you need me, just call! I love North Capitol Hill because you get the best of both worlds: experience the authentic culture and quaint restaurants and pubs on 15th Ave (my personal favorite pocket of SeattlBeautiful apartment in historic Capitol Hill building. Rooftop view of the city. Walking distance to bars, restaurants, grocery & transit. Clean, efficient kitchen, hardwood floors, bathroom with clawfoot tub, queen bed and stylish modern furniture. On site laundry accepts quarters and credit cards is available to guests. Guests can also enjoy cable TV on the flat screen and in-room wifi. Guests will have access to entry code to their units. I am happy to provide suggestions or recommendations for your stay in Seattle. Welcome to your classic NW urban experience located in Seattle's most vibrant neighborhood.  In walking distance  (95 walking score) to restaurants, classic local coffeehouses or enjoy the panoramic views of the iconic space needle from the open rooftop. In walking distance: * 15th neighborhood - bars, restaurants, grocery stores, coffee shops * Broadway - vintage stores Bus lines: * located 2 blocks away Other: * Car2Go * Zipcar * Uber A cute studio with a bedroom nook If you are looking for your home away from home or just looking to stay comfortably in a studio apartment in the heart of Capitol Hill with two door entry way, then look no further. Cable TV, dishes, washer and dryer with a full kitchen and bathroom. Hardwood floors, very clean apartment. You control the heat with with heating unit. You will have full access to the entire apartment Meals are on the house if you would like me to cook for you. Or you can enjoy the wonderful eatery places all within walking distance from the apartment. In the heart of Capitol Hill with great restaurants and efficient public transportation. Its all at your fingertips Parking is a bit of beast in Capitol Hill. So if you plan on going out for the night and have a car leave it parked and call an Uber or hop on the bus because its across the street and it runs frequent. the bus is $2.50 USD and Uber costs about 10.00 USD if you're going downtown. VERY QUIET and CLEAN APARTMENT!!!  The Grocery store is across tGorgeous 850 sq ft home close to everything.  5min walk to downtown and light rail line.  Take light rail from airport to downtown and then short walk to home.  Our 1 bedroom has one queen size bed and one large couch easy to sleep on. Beautifully appointed large home in the middle of the city's most popular neighborhood.  Walkable to anywhere you'll wanna go in Seattle.  Queen size bed in the bedroom and large sectional sofa in living room easy to sleep on.  About 850 sq ft total.  Queen size bed. Use of 1 bicycle. Piano. Internet connected televisions in living room and bedroom with Amazon Fire in bedroom. You'll have the full space and we will not be there.  You'll have a key fob for the building and a key for the apt. We'll likely be there to let you in but you'll not see us after that. Easy access to light rail, car 2 go, and bus lines.  We don't own a car and walk everywhere we need to go in Seattle from our central location.  We have one bike you are free to use.I live in a renovated house from 1920 that was made into separate apartments. My private space has a small kitchen + bedroom/living area. The bathroom is just across the hall. The bed is a full with a padded mattress. I'll be away but feel free to text or call me with questions Right in the heart of the city! Bars, clubs, restaurants, parks all super close. Capitol Hill is one of the most vibrant places in Seattle. Safeway or QFC for groceries are within 6 minute walk Plenty of great coffee shops. Favorite sushi- Momiji Favorite taco place- Tacos Chukis Laundry right down the street- Lather Daddy Right by the 43 and 8 bus stop to downtown or the U District. Plenty of other buses within a few blocks. Uber, Lyft & Car2Go ride sharing/car sharing always close by! Capitol Hill is active & full of people, especially bustling and noisy on the weekends. I wouldn't recommend this location for someone looking for perfect calm and silence.Retreat to this wonderful studio between Seattle adventures! You'll be a few blocks from Broadway & 15th Ave. It's easy to relax at this mid-century modern studio with features such as a claw-foot tub, wood floors, A/C, gas stove & quartz counters! Enjoy a sense of warmth and comfort the moment you step through the front door. Nestled between Broadway & 15th, you have access to a myriad of food & fun, but with a quiet & cozy place to rest. The old-world charm of the original refinished top-nail hardwood floors and crown moldings combined with the brand new luxury mattress, supple leather couch brand new kitchen w/ gas stove, and other modern updates make this a truly unique space~ As my guest you have the entire studio space to your self -- kitchen, bathroom, walk-in closet space and living area! Coin-op Washer and Dryer on-site. A childhood dream of mine was to own a boutique hotel, this AirBbB is my opportunity to shine! I pride myself on doing my very best to anticipate guests needsClick on my profile to see my positive host reviews.  My newly built apartment with a view is located on Pike in Capitol Hill walking distance to the downtown sights, great restaurants, cafes, and bars.  It is newly furnished with comfort in mind. My place is located on Pike St.  It's perfect for sightseeing seeing as well ad relaxing in Capitol Capitol Hill. You will have access to the entire apartment.  I will not be in the apartment.  You will also have access to the roof top patio. I enjoy meeting new people and traveling. So, I hope our paths cross and I can introduce you to my place. My assistant/friend Lisa is always available in Seattle and you may meet her too. I love my neighborhood. It's comfortable, friendly, unique and it's why many people come to Seattle. Downtown is fun and all (Pike's place, Space Needle, and shopping); but, when it's time to feel the real Seattle Capitol Hill is the place to be. Between the coffee shops, fancy (and not-so-fancy) restaurants and bars yoThis classic Seattle apartment has beautiful newly restored hardwood floors and a cozy, classic feel to it. There is a large one bedroom and comfortable  separate living space. Just a 2 blocks off Broadway, full of restaurants shopping and bars. This unit has recently been restored with fresh paint, beautiful hardwoods and new appliances. Queen size bed is very comfortable and easily fits 2. There is a comfortable couch in the living room which folds out into a queen and can accommodate another guest or two. There is also a queen sized futon in the bedroom which can accommodate an additional guest or two. Additional pillows and a comforter are available. There is a large full kitchen complete with all the essentials that you need to cook up a meal. You have full access to the apartment. There is a laundry room available in the complex where you can do you laundry for $1.25 (coin operated) If you have any questions or concerns I'd be happy to help! I live nearby and can give recommendatOld world charm meets modern elegance. Welcome to our classic, 1 bedroom/1 bath condo situated in a newly renovated, 100 year old Victorian house.  This clean urban abode offers a comfortable Posturepedic king size bed and queen sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen, heated walnut floors, carpeted bedroom, 10 foot high ceilings and lots of natural light.  The beautiful mosaic tiled bathroom allows for a shower or a bath after a busy day of sightseeing and 2 Flat Screen TVs and Blue Ray DVD players are perfect for watching movies in tandem from the bedroom or living room.  Dine in or walk to one of the numerous restaurants, coffee houses or bars in Seattle's centrally located Capitol Hill neighborhood.  Parking is provided but being just 1 mile from the city, it's easy to walk, bike (2 bikes provided w/unit) or take the bus to local attractions.  Experience the City on the Sound in style.  There is a 4 night minimum during summer months, 3 nights during fall and 2 nights during winter.  IfA cozy sectional studio with bathroom and vanity sink, perfect for a tourist or traveling worker. Close to the best amenities, and only 5 blocks from Capitol Hill's Broadway street. Free parking, grocer within 5 minute walk, and Seattle's downtown minutes away. High ceilings and large windows compliment it all. It is a double section studio with one space for entertaining, kitchen, and bathroom separate from the large walk-in closet, vanity sink, and luxurious queen bed. A screen with both an HDMI and MicroHDMI cord, quality speaker system, and complimentary coffee packets. I will introduce myself and my buildings policies regarding visitors, and give you a set of keys. At the end of your stay I will meet you at the building, when you can return the keys, and debrief. All quality bars on Capitol Hill are within a ten minute walk from my unit. Some of the city's most popular retail stores are within a 15 minute walk. There is a grocery store 4 blocks away. The beautiful Seattle UniversiThis one bedroom, one bathroom apartment is located in Capitol Hill. Capitol Hill is known as one of the more interesting neighborhoods of Seattle and has plenty of character: Supermarkets, restaurants, coffee shops, and lounges are all nearby. The Space This one bedroom, one bathroom apartment is located in Capitol Hill. Built in the mid-century for the 1960 World's Fair, this apartment complex provides an authentic Seattle experience at an affordable price!  The Neighborhood The apartment is located at the end of Seattle's vibrant Capitol Hill, which makes it at 5-10min walk to Broadway (Capitol Hill's main street) and a 5-10min walk to Downtown. We are located walking distance to the Convention Center and is an ideal place for anyone attending a conference.  Capitol Hill is known as one of the more interesting neighborhoods of Seattle and has plenty of character: Supermarkets, restaurants, gyms, yoga studios, coffee shops, and lounges are all located nearby!   Getting Around We are This is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person, but the vast majority of couples who have stayed with us find the intimate space cozy. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day of yourContemporary, fun, sun-lit, 2 bedroom, 2.5 bath home just off Broadway on Capitol Hill. Quiet and green street just 10 blocks from downtown. Some of Seattle's better restaurants, coffee shops, entertainment, shopping and bars within easy walk. Contemporary, fun, sun-lit home just off Broadway on Capitol Hill. Quiet and green street but just 10 blocks from downtown (20 - 25 minute walk to downtown) or one block to catch buses to city center, space needle, University District and other points.  Some of the better restaurants and every type one could desire within easy walk plus some of the best coffee houses in Seattle (Vivace, Victrola, Ladro, Vita and many more within 5 blocks).  One block to large QFC grocery store, Golds gym and Harvard Exit, a theater that shows international films.  Seattle hospital district is 10 blocks away.  City living at its convenient best.   The home is an interesting space with many angles, ceiling lines, sunlight and stairs.  It is a compact city home (150Located between two amazing parks and two blocks from an oasis of dining and shopping on Broadway and 15th Ave, our cozy 2 bedroom +den townhome sleeps 6+, features a private entrance, a big screen TV and a fully stocked gourmet kitchen. Welcome! We've worked hard to make our home a focal point of your trip to Seattle. Its superb location is perfect to explore on foot all of what Capitol Hill has to offer and only 5-10 minutes/dollars away from downtown Seattle, both major universities and the eastside. The entire home except the garage. A security entrance code is provided for your arrival at a flexible time. Any and all issues that can be, are addressed over the phone. Hosts/owners are minutes away in case in-person assistance is required. Unparalleled choice of places to eat; The best coffee in the city (Espresso Vivace and Caffe Vita); Two blocks away from a bus stop with routes to/from downtown & the University District. You favorite car sharing service ( Uber, Side•Car and Lyft )Click on my photo to see my positive reviews from my prior guests. Where downtown meets Capitol Hill sits my quiet one bedroom apartment. Ralph Lauren/Calvin Klein sheets and towels, 40" Smart TV with Netflix, Hulu, basic channels, full kitchen. First off, the location is perfect.  It's in Capitol Hill the best area in Seattle for restaurants, bars and coffee shops -- it's really where the local live.  It's also right next to downtown where all the sights and shopping is.  While it's right next to the interstate, my place is quiet and the freeway cannot be heard.   The unit its self is quiet on the first floor with a private porch.  With over 650 square feet and a full separate bedroom, it's quite spacious.   The couch is large and comfy. The 42 inch Smart TV features Netflix, Hulu and 40+ basic channels. The kitchen is nicely equipped. I provide coffee, tea, cream, sugar, cooking oil, and salt and pepper. You will have access to my entire apartment for yourself. I will not be there --This is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You will also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day of your arrival you'll be sent the access codes to the building and your studio unit, aloThis one bedroom, one bathroom apartment is located in Capitol Hill. Capitol Hill is known as one of the more interesting neighborhoods of Seattle and has plenty of character: Supermarkets, restaurants, coffee shops, and lounges are all nearby. The Space This one bedroom, one bathroom apartment is located in Capitol Hill. Built in the mid-century for the 1960 World's Fair, this apartment complex provides an authentic Seattle experience at an affordable price!  The Neighborhood The apartment is located at the end of Seattle's vibrant Capitol Hill, which makes it at 5-10min walk to Broadway (Capitol Hill's main street) and a 5-10min walk to Downtown. We are located walking distance to the Convention Center and is an ideal place for anyone attending a conference.  Capitol Hill is known as one of the more interesting neighborhoods of Seattle and has plenty of character: Supermarkets, restaurants, gyms, yoga studios, coffee shops, and lounges are all located nearby!   Getting Around We are This beautiful contemporary 1 bedroom apartment is located in the heart of Capitol Hill, Seattle's best neighborhood for restaurants, nightlife, and boutique shopping. Literally less than a block away from Cafes, Restaurants, Groceries Bars and more!This two bedroom apartment sits high above the street with views of downtown Seattle. Perched on a corner lot, the house has tons of natural light, huge windows, fir flooring, and beautiful details throughout. The location couldn't be more central, with stellar restaurants, coffee, and cocktails just steps away. A few notes on our home: - It's our home, we live in it. We Airbnb it when we are traveling. It's definitely not a hotel, it's feels lived in, and loved! - We don't have a shower, we have a comfy old clawfoot tub. - Our friends live downstairs, with a sweet tiny dog named Bennie.  - We are up a flight of stairs from the street and then one to our apartment. - The house is beautiful, but old. Funky, sweet, light-filled, spacious! - We hope you enjoy it! We just renovated this space and it is a joy to be in. Bookshelves and a kitchen island made from old fir 2x4s warm up the large open living room.  We installed a viking stove and a viking dishwasher - cooking in this kitchen is Small Space, Big Style, Spectacular Location with a Free Parking Space Tucked into a lush courtyard, this cottage in Seattle's renowned Harvard-Belmont Historic District is a real gem. Small Space, Big Style, Spectacular Location with a Free Parking Space Tucked into a lush courtyard, this cottage in Seattle's renowned Harvard-Belmont Historic District is a real gem.  *The cottage comfortably accommodates two guests with a queen-size bed. An extra guest is possible in the twin sleeper sofa.  *Dedicated off-street parking allows you to leave your car and explore Capitol Hill on foot. Within a half mile you will find espresso bars, hand-forged donuts, a ramen shop, fine dining, an independent movie theater, a public library, gas, groceries and tree-lined streets of gracious, early 20th century homes. The neighborhood boasts the city's only residential Landmark District, which is featured on numerous architectural walking tours.  *We provide everything you would need, including: Linens, SSmall house just off Pine St centrally located in the heart of Capitol Hill.  Freshly remodeled, great location.  One Bedroom + Pullout Couch.  All amenities including private parking. If you have any questions feel free to contact us. Centrally located in Capitol Hill.  Walking distance to great local restaurants and bars. Walking distance to public transportation. DIRECTIONS: Some of the previous renters have found the house a bit tricky to find.  If you would like specific directions please contact us the day before or day of and we will send you instructions. PARKING: The driveway in front of the house has 2 parking spaces.  The LEFT space is yours.  Do NOT park on the right side of the driveway as that is someone else's space and you may be towed.  We are not responsible for your vehicle being towed.This charming and beautiful apartment is located just a couple blocks off the main strip of Capital Hill & offers a quiet residential setting while still within walking distance to downtown, bars, shops, etc. This studio is in one of the oldest buildings in Capitol Hill and features many old town characteristics. Hardwood floors, 9' ceilings and positive vibes make this apartment the perfect spot for a fun, yet relaxing getaway in the beautiful city of Seattle. Bluetooth speaker, Tempur-pedic bed, sleeper couch, coin-op laundry, board games, book exchange, deep tub, yoga mat, light weights. Happy to show your around the city or let you enjoy the comfort of the studio and explore on your own. Capitol Hill has something for everybody. Whether when you're looking for coffee, restaurants, shopping, bars, or boutiques you can walk to it all in minutes! Other Seattle sights are just a short bus ride away. Walk score of 97! There is no TV or cable. This space is great for somebody looking forThis is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person, but the vast majority of couples who have stayed with us find the intimate space cozy. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day of yourA cozy studio in the bustling hip neighborhood of Capitol Hill, very close to downtown, tons of restaurants, bars, coffee shops etc, walk score 95. Public transit options abound, nearest bus stop is 2 minutes away. About 400 sf, with couch ( can sleep 1 person on the couch) kitchen with plenty of fridge/ freezer space, microwave and toaster. Bathroom, kitchen, coin operated washer and dryer in building basement. Lots of outlets for your gadgets, and wifi. I'll show you around and give you the keys, then I might be out of town on an adventure.  If I'm out of town I'll send instructions and leave the keys in a safe place Capitol Hill is the most convenient neighborhood in Seattle, anything your heart desires is within walking or biking distance. There are hundreds of bars and restaurants within easy walking distance and as well as beautiful museums and parks just minutes away. Close to the convention center and downtown attractions. You can easily walk to downtown, Pikes Place market or *****  Please Note this is our Winter/ Holiday Rate**** This charming Hollywood glamor style unit is perfect for either a quick getaway to the city or a longer stay! This space comfortably fits two and can accommodate up to three or even four. Located in a picturesque brick building only two blocks from amazing shops, restaurants, nightlife, and coffee shops on Broadway, Pike and Pine in the heart of Capitol Hill. Talk about being in the center of everything that's awesome about Seattle! This pin up inspired unit is a spacious, cozy, clean, and quiet Seattle home away from home. Featuring views of the Space Needle, it's own private entry with patio for a late night cocktail or morning coffee, and a brand new Serta memory foam + duo coil full size mattress (mmmhmm). This apartment offers a full kitchen with fridge, electric stove, toaster, and blender. Lots of counter space for cooking with it's own little dining nook. Enjoy a mid-day nap or cuddle on our sexy and cushy vintage velvet lPrivate room and bathroom on the hip neighborhood of Capitol Hill This is for a room in our home accommodating visitors who want to stay near the Downtown/Capitol Hill scene.  Includes access to private bathroom. Shared areas such as living room are available for limited use.  The room is located on the first level of our 3 story home.  Guests will be given access to the bedroom, bathroom and some living space.  This is perfect for those looking for a weekend stay in the city, first time visitors to Seattle, or those getting ready for a career move and need a short term place to stay while looking for your permanent home.  The room has a new Queen size bed.  We can provide some towels during your stay.    We utilize a key-code entry system, so no hassles exchanging keys.  We like to stick to our 3pm check-in and 12noon check out times, but we can work with you on actual availability - we're flexible. We are a 10-15 minute walk to downtown/convention center. We are a 10 minute walk to SPrivate room available in spacious, light-filled Capitol Hill Apartment.  The building is from the early 1900s and has all the original millwork to prove it.  It's an easy walk to Pike Place Market, the Space Needle, and all that downtown and Capitol Hill have to offer.  Numerous buses, zipcars, and pronto cycles are within 3 blocks.  The bedroom is private but the bath, large living room, dining room and spacious kitchen would be shared.  There is also a very affectionate dog :) The apartment is large and spacious with tons of natural light.  There's a large TV in the living room that's hooked up to a computer where you can watch Hulu, Netflix, etc.  I also sell used video games as a hobby so there's an NES, Sega Genesis, SNES, PSone, and Gamecube all available to play as well.  As a seller of used games, I have quite an extensive collection to choose from. You'll have access to the entire apartment except for my bedroom. I'm happy to interact with guests as much or as little as desirThis is a private, spacious suite in a beautiful townhouse centrally located on Capitol Hill.    This guest suite is truly an oasis in the center of the bustling and beautiful Capitol Hill neighborhood. After entering my house, go up the stairs to the living room and kitchen.  One more floor up you'll find the door to the guest suite.  (Above the guest suite is my bedroom; I am friendly, quiet and considerate.) You have a whole floor to yourself: a large bedroom & living space with a queen bed; a walk-in closet; and an unbeatable bathroom with shower, soaking tub, toilet, and dual sinks. In addition to the private guest suite, please feel free to hang out in the living room.  Although I ask that you please refrain from preparing meals in the kitchen, the refrigerator, microwave, dishes, etc. are available. Please help yourself to a variety of coffee & tea.   Super-fast wireless Internet. Laundry is available right outside your room. There is a short driveway which can be used to load aLooking for a place that is close to everything? This unit is in an early 1900s building and has a beautiful unique interior.  It is a less than 10 minute walk to downtown, and very close to all kinds of entertainment and food! This unit is a wonderful place to go after a fun day/evening out. It is relaxing and feels like you are just at home. I have lived here for 4 years and have worked hard to make it pleasing for others. Enjoy! Guests can access any space in this flat except for the bedroom closet (I keep much of my teacher materials and personal things). All other areas (bathroom, kitchen, bedroom, living space) are available to guests.  Some special notes: - there are some adjustable free weights and a yoga mat for guests if they'd like to work-out during their stay. - there is also a bike available with a lock, please be gentle and return to the unit when finished - The table is a drop-leaf and so it may extend for a nice space to share a meal. - Please use the kitchen and appliThis bedroom is located off the main floor of a charming Victorian house in capital hill. You can walk to area attractions and experience what it's like to live in artsy Capitol Hill. Our family is lovely and hands off. We will be glad to have you during your stay.My apartment is incredible located apartment in Capitol Hill where it meets Downtown. See my photos taken withing 1 square block. Parking/Light Rail near by. This apartment was originally built for loggers and others in the 1910s.  It's now smack in the heart of all the uniqueness Capitol Hill offers and a few blocks to all the sites in downtown.  The kitchen includes all the cooking utensils you could need as well as coffee, tea, cream, sugar cooking oil, salt and pepper. The bedding is high thread count soft sheet with a  down duvet. The 32 inch TV is connected to the internet.  The internet is very fast and unlimited.  The TV has Netflix, Hulu Plus and Amazon Prime. The couch folds down into a bed.  There are of extra blankets. In the winter the heat works well and in the summer I have a window AC. Note: there's no elevator. My place is 300 square feet for max 2 is best. You will have access to my entire place and laundry facilities in the basement. I enjoy meeting new people and trThis private 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom condo is in a quiet secure building. Accommodates up to 4 people  - comfortably sleeping two people in a queen bed and 2 people in the pull out sofa bed and cot bed. This 1 BD apartment is a corner unit on the 2nd floor in the building. It is comfortable for a couple, but can accommodate up to 4 people - it comfortably sleeps two people in a Queen bed and 2 people for the pull out sofa bed and cot bed. You will have full private access to the entire 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom apt with free in-unit washer, dryer, and detergent available. There are 3 closets to hang your clothes and store your luggage.  The full kitchen is equipped with oven range, refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, coffee maker, electric kettle, cookware, utensils, common spices, and sugar.  The living room offers a TV, cable with Showtime channel, DVD player, and WIFI access. My home is centrally located in Capitol Hill, the LGBTQ friendly neighborhood. We are a couple blocks away from tWalk/Bike to (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN)/Microsoft/Gates Foundation/Amazon/U. of W. S.C.C.A.In the heart of Capitol Hill this brand new apt is near Pikes Place, Amazon HQ and Convention Center.  Surrounded by coffee shops, restaurants and of nightlife this is a great spot for anyone visiting Seattle! * Location! * Separate bedroom & living room  * Hardwood styled flooring * Full bathroom * We provide coffee & a Britta water filter  * Your own Seattle apartment! Happy to tour guests around the apt and area! Will meet guests to hand over keys. Capitol Hill is vibrant, lively with endless choices of coffee shops, bars, restaurants, speakeasy, pinball arcade bar and other activities. Our building is located right in the middle of all the action and walking distance to just about anywhere you would want to go in downtown Seattle. We are in a great location if you are looking to go to Century Link Field, Safeco Field, Experience Music Project, Seattle Center, or Lake Union. We are also only a few blocks from the Seattle Convention Center. We love the people and the bustle of our ne98 WALK SCORE!! Amazing 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom Apartment on Capitol Hill 1100 Square Feet New apartment complex with lots of amenities. Right on Broadway with endless restaurants, lively nightlife, and great public transportation. *THE SPACE* 2 huge bedrooms each with walk-in closets. Both bedrooms have queen mattresses with pillow-top/tempur pedic. Quite comfortable! (1 bed is brand new, picture not updated yet. Also air conditioning unit in 1 bedroom).  We also have Queen and Twin Air Mattresses available and 2 couches. We have hosted up to 8. The apartment is in an amazing location right on Broadway! No need to go far for food, drinks, coffee, or parks! *INCLUDES* -Full kitchen (Fridge, Dishwasher, Oven, Stove-top, Microwave, Toaster, George Foreman) -2 Full Bathrooms (Shower/Tub) -Living area (New 64 inch Plasma TV w/ Xbox, Netflix, HBO) -Rooftop lounge area (2 BBQs, tables, sun-chairs) -Workout facilities (Yoga Room and Weight/Cardio room) -Apartment Common Room (Flat screen TV, LoOn residential block just off Broadway w/ many Capital Hill Restaurants, Lounges, Cafe's, Shopping & Broadway Market, an upscale 24hr grocery/hardware/liquor store.  Wireless internet, 40" TV + cable w/ HBO. New to AirBnB, more amenities coming! I am a licensed Realtor and can offer my services however please note this is owned/managed personally and is not connected to my firm.  If you are visiting with intent to relocate I would be happy to offer a free local real estate consultation. Capital Hill may be Seattle's Foodie Epicenter! It is also host to many local boutiques and cafe's.  For night life lounges, breweries, theaters and clubs are all walking distance.  Capital Hill is remembered as the birthplace of Grunge, and has always been open to alternative lifestyles. Bus routes are located; west to Broadway, east to 12th St, south to John St and Olive Way.A well-appointed studio in the MIDDLE of Capitol Hill! The space is very welcoming and has everything you could want, including a comfortable bed, large windows, & a full kitchen. Walking distance to many restaurants, shops, nightlife-great location! The location could not be better for a visit to Seattle. Capitol Hill is in the middle of the city. It has innumerable restaurants, bars, and cultural spots. The apartment is also one block away from the lovely Cal-Anderson park. The space is private, well-lit, and very comfortable. I love Seattle and would love for you to love it to! Come check it out from this beautiful apartment.This one bedroom is in the heart of hipster Capitol Hill. Bars, grocery stores, and amazing restaurants start in just 2 blocks down the hill. The really trendy, bar district of Pike/Pine in a 15 minute walk or 6 minute drive away. Rooftop with grill. 1 bedroom apartment in a building with an elevator. 5th floor, west facing. I'm looking for someone to rent for a longer duration in February as I will be traveling overseas :). The location is prime, and you will not be able to get over how gorgeous the view is. I wake up every morning to it, and am still not tired of it! Super cozy for an urban space. You will have access to all floors including the laundry room and garage where you put your recycling and garbage at the end of your stay. No parking on site, but I will leave a guest parking pass for free so that you can park your car on the street for up to 48 hours at a time (for those without the pass, it's a max of 2 hours, so make sure to use this pass so that you don't get a ticket!)Our apartment is located in the heart of Capitol Hill with many bars, restaurants, and happy hours nearby. Walkable access to Seattle's top highlights: 2 blocks to the Starbucks Reserve & Roastery. 0.4 miles to the Convention Center. 0.6 miles to Westlake Center. 0.9 miles to Pike Place Market, the Waterfront, and Downtown Seattle. 1.2 miles to Seattle Aquarium. 1.4 miles to Space Needle. The apartment is available as a single bedroom (on another listing) or the entire apt. The apartment is spacious enough for 4 adults to enjoy. 2 queen beds, 1 full size air mattress, and a loveseat are all available. 2 full bathrooms (one is a master bath connected to the master bedroom) both provide plenty of hot water. The apartment is available for a single room and for the entire apartment. The rooftop deck contains views of the Seattle Skyline, the Space Needle, Lake Union, The Paramount Theater and more. One key lets you into the building. The second key opens the apartment door. A garage remoteFeel the warmth and breeze of the sun on this private sanctuary that has a king-sized bed. Extremely clean and comfortable sleeping space.. We have a lovely home with 6 bedrooms please browse them all to see which one you like best for your needs. There are 2 bathrooms for guest use and a big full size kitchen and living room for everyone to enjoy.  We are in the epicenter of the hottest action in Seattle.... Capitol Hill.  There is plenty of privacy as well as comfort and offers easy access to  downtown, bus lines, and easy access to the most amazing nightlife in the city. What is included: - Ultra-fast high-speed wireless internet - Warm steamy hot tub included  - Surprisingly abundant nearby parking (paid and temporary) - Super friendly and experienced hosts who love to have visitors - Steps away from the downtown core , cool music venues, restaurants and art galleries of  the most vibrant neighborhood in Seattle. - easy access to major highways and all major bus routes  - Gorgeous Large basement unit w/private entrance, lots of windows, big kitchen, breakfast bar, wet bar, decorative fireplace, & cozy sleeping nook. Centrally located in safe, quiet corner of this bustling neighborhood. Quick walk to parks, shops, restaurants & transit. This studio is a large basement unit with two private entrances, lots of windows, lighting options, and outlets, and a unique sleeping 'nook' with a full-size bed. The bathroom/shower is small and has louvered doors, but is clean and well ventilated. The futon and optional air mattress provide additional sleeping options, and the wet bar serves as an extra wash sink and personal vanity. The kitchen is surprisingly spacious for a studio, and opens into the main room with bar-style seating for two. The fireplace, mission-style tile accents, and eclectic decor  add some of my personal style to the space. The building itself has a charming feel - the outside is brick and nicely shaded by lots of trees and foliage. It is cozy and sweetSeattles most magical rental!  This adorable little cottage is nestled into a wooded lot in vibrant, central capitol hill.  Enjoy our mid-century modern furnishings, ferns and orchids, and a romantic loft bedroom.  A tiny forest retreat in the city! Our cabin is very special, and we love that we're able to share it!    We have two very cuddly cats that we often leave in our home with our guests.  If you'd like them removed, please let us know, we can generally accommodate.  They are both very friendly, talkative, affectionate and curious, please don't attempt to tolerate them if you're not cat people!    A little about them:  Lonnie is a Mexican stray.  He is soulful, gentle, and likes to be the little spoon in bed.  Peanut is a kitten-like fireball with a stump tail.  She gets into people food, and likes to steals money and cigarettes and hide them behind the couch.     Back to the cabin:    The loft bed sleeps two, the mattress is either a full or a queen.  We provide clean white higWelcome! This is Michael's room. While he is traveling we post it! Come stay with the other roommates and other airbnb guests while you are in town! This is a great budget travel option for those who like meeting other travelers and roommates! Hello! Our house is a couple blocks off broadway in the northern section of the Capitol Hill neighborhood. The room is one of five bedrooms in our house. You will be staying with roommates and other airbnb guests. We have a cozy kitchen, bathroom and living room with lots of light! You can do laundry downstairs ($1 wash / $1 dry), and hang out in our lovely living room.  Our house is the tall, dark and handsome type, height / weight proportionate, with a red brick exterior (if you're into that sort of thing). Good to know we are an older home, not a hotel so the aesthetics come with the territory. We're two blocks from Broadway, with a stupid amount of cool shit and buses within walking distance. You can get to the Pike/Pine nightlife in a short Spacious private room in a lovely house in  Capitol Hill.  Located on a quiet, residential street blocks away from coffee shops, dining, nightlife and transit.  Walking distance to South Lake Union and easy access to Downtown.  Winter price discount. This spacious, second-floor room includes a full bed, futon sofa (that can be made into a bed for up to two more guests) and a large closet. From the west-facing windows you might catch a glimpse of the Puget Sound through the trees, and the room gets wonderful afternoon sunlight.  The shared bathroom is just outside your door. Our home was built in 1906 and has a wonderfully large, shaded porch and a spacious communal living space with a recently renovated kitchen.  The home is an unpretentious oasis in the middle of a bustling Seattle neighborhood. We have a keypad entrance for easy access. The bedrooms and bathroom are up the stairs just by the front door, with an additional shared bathroom is located downstairs.  Free Wifi.  Guests areI'm offering a bedroom in the heart of Capitol Hill. The room could comfortably fit a couple seeing as there is one full bed. Our house is close to everything you'd want to do on Capitol Hill, SLU, or Downtown. Weed tourists welcome! What can I say, I like plants? I'm going out of town for a week and thought someone might like to stay in my bedroom. The guests will have access to the whole house excluding our bedrooms. The living room and dining room, and kitchen are available to all. Although you must use a coaster - we take our wood seriously. There are three of us living in this house and we all leave busy lives. We would be happy to interact with guests if we're not busy at home. If we have time we'd love to take you out for a beer or to the beach (there is an excellent "floating culture" here). Capitol Hill is a historically queer youthful neighborhood full of artists and activists. It's full of bars, great venues and dance clubs. If you're looking for fun let us know! You can virWalk to the downtown Seattle attractions from a charming B&B on a tree-lined side street in the Capitol Hill neighborhood. Rates are $99 - $229 per night for a room with queen bed and private bathroom.  Please contact the 11th Avenue Inn Bed & Breakfast with the dates of your visit, and we will be delighted to provide availability and a rate quote.  Rate depends upon season, length of stay, weekend or midweek, number of guests, specific room, etc.  The lower rates are available Nov - Apr, mid-week, and for longer stays. Walk to the Pike Place Market and to the other downtown Seattle attractions from the 11th Avenue Inn, a charming 1906 Seattle bed and breakfast on a tree-lined side street in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood. We're near dozens of restaurants, shops, a popular park, and bus lines to downtown. Queen beds, private bathrooms, full breakfast, 9 guestrooms, free on-site parking lot, guest computers, and WiFi.     Comfortable room in 2-bdrm. townhouse on Capitol Hill. Located just 2  blocks from major bus lines and 3 blocks to grocery stores, local bars, restaurants and clubs. Less than 2 miles to downtown core and attractions. Free secured parking available.     This 2nd floor private room is ideally located at the heart of Capitol Hill. A short walk takes you to major bus lines that will get you around town, or you can choose to explore the neighborhood with bars, restaurants and concert venues only three blocks away. A full bed, dresser, television w/ Chromecast, desk, closet and sitting area are in your furnished room.  The only area that is completely off-limits is my own bedroom and bathroom. As long as everyone is considerate, I am comfortable sharing the rest of the space in my home. I will need to meet you to give you a set of keys and answer any initial questions you may have but beyond that, it is hard to say how often I will be around as I do not have a set schedule. Some weeks iA 1,300 Sq ft/ 3 bdrm apartment that my roommate and I share. We enjoy meeting new people and guiding them around the city. Located in walking distance to downtown and in the heart of Capital Hill. Best of all an incredible view from the Balcony!! Comfortably fits two people. 1,300 Sq ft 3 bedrooms. Shared bathroom and kitchen. Furnished room. Room has access to our 60 foot deck overlooking the city and connected to a bathroom as well. We would love to interact but can also respect privacy if needed. There are plenty of activities all day long. Walking distance to bars, restaurants, grocery stores, and downtown. The bus is nearby if needed and public transportation is very cheap and accessible. If coming from the airport we can meet you at the light rail or give you the address. The light rail goes from the airport all the way to the westlake and is about a 15 minute walk or $5 cab ride from the our apartment. Our place is perfect for those that don't have a car with them. We both walkAwesome two bedroom condo perfect for convention travelers, business travelers and couples wanting to see and enjoy seattle, Full Kitchen and two bedrooms, full bath with big windows that scream sunshine. Air conditioned for this summer weather we are having!  Dog friendly! Go see the space needle, EMP, SAM, Waterfront and all of what Seattle Has to offer 1 mile from Pike Place Market Awesome space includes two flat screen Tvs with 200 channels of cable, and high speed internet, comfortable breakfast bar seating for three and all leather luxurious couches. Open floor plan two bedroom condo with comfortable bed and linens! Near Convention center, downtown, waterfront and pike place market. No need for a car with this place walk to bars, restaurants, theatre and more. The unit can comfortably sleep 6 people. Rooftop: You'll have access to the rooftop deck with 360-degree views of Seattle. Rooftop also has a BBQ. Gym: There are three gyms within one city block of this place and i have freI romanticize the idea that I have the apartment of Holly Golightly with a collection of old things that Yves owned accented by my grandmother's oriental prints. And a lot of fancy white linens. If dreams inspire realities, a night will only tell. Perhaps west-elm and anthropology had a gay secret offspring of an apartment with a fetish for the orient.  The apartment is a 1 bedroom w/ a King size bed + a pull-out futon in living room. The bathroom has a claw-foot bath/shower. I've 6 King pillows of different firmness and filling (down, down-wrap, cotton alternative). The bed linens are typically 500 counts+. A light quilt and a heavy down comforter will be made on the bed in case Seattle nights get colder than expected. (The couch-futon has a different set stored inside it.)  Fully equipped kitchen if you feel like making a pretentious summer peperonata. & For the common lush, I've stocked wine glasses, brandy sniffers, beer mugs and the like. The bath products are usually takeaway froHello! Our house is a couple blocks off broadway in the northern section of the Capitol Hill neighborhood. The room is 1 of 5 bedrooms in our house. This is a great place for guests on a budget who enjoy sharing common space with other travelers. Hello! Our house is a couple blocks off broadway in the northern section of the Capitol Hill neighborhood. The room is one of five bedrooms in our house. We have a mix of roommates and other airbnb guests staying in our home! We have a cozy kitchen, bathroom and living room with lots of light! You can do laundry downstairs ($1 wash / $1 dry), and hang out in our lovely living room.  Our house is the tall, dark and handsome type, height / weight proportionate, with a red brick exterior (if you're into that sort of thing). Good to know we are an older home, not a hotel so the aesthetics come with the territory. We're two blocks from Broadway, with a stupid amount of cool shit and buses within walking distance. You can get to the Pike/Pine nightlEnjoy the Seattle nightlife, restaurants or parks from this accessible location in Capitol Hill with lots of light and great views of the space needle from all the floors. This listing offers you the entire town home. Enjoy the Seattle nightlife, restaurants or parks from this accessible location with lots of light and great views of the space needle from all the floors. This capitol hill townhouse with three levels has two bedrooms and two bathrooms. This listing is for the entire unit.  The guest bedroom on level one has a huge patio. The Master bedroom on third level. The living room on second level is tastefully decorated with a full-bar and view of space needle. The unit has a washer dryer and there is ample street parking. Each level has patios to enjoy the great outdoors, perfect for that summer afternoon of grilling! The unit is a block from Safeway, a block from bus-stop and a block from Cal Anderson park -- a walkers paradise! This dwelling prides great hosts and a very frienA spacious and open 1 bedroom apartmen boasting a 95 walk score. Great reading nook with a classic Eames chair and plenty of cookbooks and graphic novels to thumb through on a rainy day. This is a great open floor plan style apartment with nothing but French doors obstructing any view.  A perfect place for a couple looking to be right in the hub of the city but, a little tucked away from the volume of the neighborhood.  2 blocks off of the famous Broadway, 5 blocks North of the ULTRA HAPPENING Pike/Pine Corridor.  There is one bathroom with a tub and gas burning stove with a cute little efficient kitchen.   I have a dog so, there may be a bit of remnant hair and that welcome home pup smell, candles and air fresheners will be fresh and provided.   There are a ridiculous amount of restaurants of ALL varieties nearby.  I am a chef and would not live anywhere else in the city based on the food I have access to.   Buses run in ALL directions and its a fairly reasonable walk to the light raiQuiet, top floor, hardwood unit in a midcentury modern apartment. Equidistant between 15th Ave, Pike/Pine Corridor, & Broadway for a quick walk to bars, music venues, restaurants and shops. Close to Cal Anderson Park and convenient bus lines.Ive created the perfect space for you, etc. Its an awesome location: spacious, artistic, great kitchen and a lovely view of the Space Needle, the Olympic Mountains and excellent people watching from the enclosed deck. Two bedrooms nestled in back... Not only is it a fantastic space, but it's location, location, location. It's walking distance to everything: Downtown, Pike Place, Belltown, South Lake Union.... and, did I mention the view? I have a collection of classic crusier bikes if you like to ride and everything you need for cooking in the open, user-friendly kictchen! Whatever is needed  :-) I really enjoy the people watching from the deck, I call it "the Human River" that constantly flows up-and-down Denny, plus the area is peppered with great resturants and hang-outs and EVERYTHING is in walking distace. YES! Beautiful spacious room in an old Craftsman preserved by a carpenter and an artist in the heart of Seattle's hip neighborhood. Perfect for independent adventurers whom love to eat, drink and explore cities by foot! Master Bedroom has a bright and welcoming vibe as it is a large room with two walk in closets, a queen size Tempurpedic bed, and a cozy reading nook. Also has a TV with full cable. The room is upstairs in an open hallway with three other rooms and two shared bathrooms. All the rooms are rented out via Airbnb (each room has a key lock) and share the common space such as the breakfast room, the kitchen, the bathrooms and the yard. Think charismatic and clean house maintained by a carpenter and artist in a prime location shared with independent and easy going travelers. We have been sharing our house with adventurers for over a year now and feel like (with the help from feedback of guests) that we have a pretty good system down. For your convenience we like to provide things thBeautiful spacious room in an old Craftsman preserved by two local designers in the heart of Seattle's hip neighborhood. Perfect for independent adventurers whom love to eat, drink and explore cities by foot! Corner View has a spacious and relaxing vibe with a large west facing window and comfortable Tempurpedic queen size bed. The room is upstairs in an open hallway with three other rooms and two shared bathrooms. All the rooms are rented out via Airbnb (each room has a key lock) and share the common space such as the breakfast room, the kitchen, the bathrooms and the yard. Think charismatic and clean house maintained by a carpenter and artist in a prime location shared with independent and easy going travelers. We have been sharing our house with adventurers for over a year now and feel like (with the help from feedback of guests) that we have a pretty good system down. For your convenience we like to provide things that are a pain to pack (towels/hair dryer/iron/shampoo/conditioner/Centrally located in Capitol Hill, this downstairs apartment offers a private reprieve. There is a private bedroom, bathroom, laundry area and entry room accessible via a private entrance. Hosts live upstairs and are happy to share kitchen. Parking available upon request. This room is located in the bottom of a family home. There is a private bathroom (no shower but a shower head within a bath) and a separate entrance. This location is proximal to Cal Anderson Park and the thriving Capitol Hill Neighborhood. There is convenient public transportation and many area attractions within walking distance.This basement space is well appointed, private, and in a fantastic location on Capitol hill. Separate entrance, parking, and easy access to every place you want to go in Seattle. Travelling with family or additional guests? Contact me for options. This private basement unit includes a bedroom area with a spacious closet, a coffee area with microwave, a computer area and private bathroom with a walk-in shower.  A private refrigerator, washer and dryer are provided.  Guests are welcome to enter and exit through the main area of the house or use the private side entrance. Little things like good quality linens, fluffy towels and down pillows are provided, along with freshly ground coffee, tea and water. This is a private unit which can be accessed through the main area of the house or through a private basement entryway.  I'm around to provide you with any assistance, suggestions, maps, but this is your space and time! The house is two blocks from Broadway which is the heart of the neighbFull one bedroom mother-in-law style apartment on the hip, stylish neighborhood of Capitol Hill Comfortable ground-level apartment perfectly located on Capitol Hill.  This 870 sq ft apartment is great for adventurers wanting a prime location and convenience of restaurants, bars, clubs, coffee shops and bus stops. The apartment was designed as a self contained living unit in our home. Set up with 1 bedroom and 1 bath, a kitchenette and plenty of living space.   This apartment is perfect for those looking to explore Seattle.  The apartment has a separate entrance located just off the main street.   The 1 bedroom unit is perfect for 2 people, but the whole apartment can comfortably fit 3 or 4. The living space has a comfortable leather couch and seat.  Need to get some work done? Use the desk area with our free WiFi and stay connected. We utilize a key-code entry system, so no hassles exchanging keys.  We will be in contact to arrange check-in/check-out times. Although there are many deliLarge bedroom with a regal four posted bed is in a large Capitol Hill home that was tastefully converted into a four-plex. Close to downtown for business people. Walking distance to the Seattle Convention Center. Pack N Play for families. Parking. This home has wide plank oak floors, leaded glass built-ins, a full, large kitchen, spacious rooms, a fireplace, etc. A home on Capitol Hill is a rarity. Beds are dressed in 800 thread count Egyptian cotton sheets for your comfort. The master bedroom is on the main floor, with a regal queen-sized bed and an attached bathroom. The space easily sleeps 4 people: the regal queen sized bed and a full sized futon in the living-room that folds out. If you require parking, the driveway can be made available. Most of the time it is possible to park 2 normal sized cars (Car 1: Max 17', car 2: Max 16'). No cable. The HDTV equipped is with Netflix, Hulu Plus and Amazon Prime accounts as well as a DVD player. Full Kitchen: gas oven/stove, microwave, refriAbout Io House: This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for a queen bed in a private room.  Common area includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. We provide: - High speed Internet - Laundry on-site (detergent provided) - Full kitchen with dishwasher - A back yard with picnic bench - Weekly professional hoOne of two master suites available in renovated 1904 Capitol Hill home on Summit Ave East. Minutes to UW, downtown and South Lake Union. In a stylishly updated home, the suite fits two with a separate TV room with a comfy fold-out bed.  Beautiful renovated 1904 Capitol Hill classic set high up off the street with great light but lots of privacy. Great location, minutes to downtown by the 47 bus, by foot or a quick cab ride. UW a 10 minute bus ride away. Guest off-street parking pass available at no cost. With a walk score of 97, shops, cafes, restaurants abound in the neighborhood. LBGT friendly.  Your own master suite with private bath. Separate TV room has a fold out bed for additional guests (additional fees may apply). You have access to the open-concept common areas (within reason), including a full kitchen with eating area, provided you clean up after each use. I do work at home when I am not traveling and can often be found on this level. Wifi, Netflix, cable with HBO available.Rooftop deck, hot tub and gorgeous views of downtown, Elliot Bay, and W. Seattle. High ceilings, Chef's kitchen. Spacious, artistic, elegant Asian Art Deco design with abundant natural light. Convenient, elegant and quiet area of North Capitol Hill Rooftop deck jacuzzi with jaw dropping views over downtown Seattle, Elliot Bay, and West Seattle.This stunning new house blends elegant Asian art deco with modern architecture. Filled with natural light and high ceilings. HUE lighting system for multi-colored ambiance exactly as you like it. Beautiful three story mural by local artist Jeff Mihalyo. Blonde eucalyptus hard wood flooring and antique rugs. Chef's kitchen with gas stove, bar and dining table.  Master bedroom has views of Space Needle, walk in closet, large bathroom with rain shower. All natural King's sized mattress.  Adjacent bedroom can be used as a work space with a solid oak drafting table, or a meditation and yoga space. You will have access to 2,000 square feet of living spBeautiful bedroom in apartment with lots of natural light and great location with access to all the amenities of Capitol Hill!This studio apartment has great natural lighting, hardwood floors, a full kitchen, and is close to all of the great things that Capitol Hill has to offer.  It is also an easy walk to downtown and Pike Place Market. It is an older building, full of charm.  It has a comfortable, home-y feel about it, while also being aesthetically pleasing. There is a full kitchen, dining area, walk-in closet/changing room, a full bathroom, and a spacious living area.  Downstairs there is coin operated laundry, and I have free wifi. I will not be present during your stay, so you are free to use my space as though it were yours, which it will be, during your stay. I recently moved to Seattle from NYC, and though the cities vastly differ, I find that Capitol Hill most closely resembles the things I love about NYC, just with a smaller, more friendly vibe. The bus system surrounding my apartment is extensive, and there are frequent buses to take you anywhere you would like.  It is also a short walk to BelltoCharming studio filled with art & flair,   Downtown sunset view, located in most amazing part of Seattle, Capitol Hill. I absolutely love this wonderful home, I'm sure you will too! Everything's easy to walk to in my neighborhood you'll love it here! Fantastic apartment comes with romantic sunsets, city convenience of all the things (location, location location), a full kitchen, dining suite, lovely cast iron tub/shower, best mood lighting *ever, plasma TV, WiFi, Chromecast, sparkling view of Downtown, plus more! Entire studio apartment including bathroom kitchen,  etc. There's coin operated laundry one floor down for your needs as well as a great launderette one block away. I travel and I'm pretty hands off with hosting. I love having my space enjoyed by others and do my best to make it all intuitive for use. I'm always available by phone and hope to make everyone's stay the right balance of awesome and their own. Everything! Safeway is 2 blocks away. Trader Joe's and Madison Market aThe building is old and not much to look at but the space is very large and conveniently located near amazing restaurants, popular bars and music venues. Very accessible to bus lines in every direction and around the corner from a grocery store. Large living room with raised queen sized air mattress (complete with USB port for your charging needs). Couch is roughly twin size and super comfortable. Since this is my living room, I've put up a divider curtain to allow more privacy. Space will sleep 2 people, or 3 if the queen sized bed is shared. Guests have access to full kitchen, bathroom and living room. I occupy the bedroom in the apartment and ask that you do not enter that space or use the closet that is attached to the bathroom. I'm usually out of the house most of the day but am more than happy to offer recommendations and answer any questions you may have. Capitol Hill is one of Seattle's eclectic neighborhoods and is home to the LGBTQ community. The Hill has a lot to offer for tHello Travelers! Welcome to Seattle!  First, I want to thank you for taking the time to read what I offer here.  I get so many requests and questions a day so please take your time to read my description because I think it will answer most of your questions and it will speed up the approval time.  I believe all this information will be of great benefit to you if you are looking for a nice area to stay in Seattle.  This room accommodates one guest.  I also have a room with twin beds.  This house is approx. 25mins (rush hour traffic 45 mins) from Seatac Airport and 7 mins from downtown by car.  You can park in front of the house.  I will let you borrow my parking pass so you can park free all day.   I have only one pass so please let me know in advance. This is a room near the Volunteer Park area, upper Capitol Hill,  most desirable area to live in in Seattle.  If you are looking for a clean, comfortable, flexible check-in and check-out times,  a neighborhood known for its diversity and Super cozy one bedroom on Capitol Hill, 15min walk to downtown, cool bars/cafes/shops literally steps away :) (can be used as 2 bdrm if I'm given enough heads up- there is an extremely large 'closet' in which I've put the bedroom I use when the space isn't air bnb'd!) my place is in literally the best/most true 4 square blocks of Capitol Hill, and my building is overlooking everything- BUT it's still an older space and not one of those new, weird not-really-Seattle buildings. **I want to be clear about cancellation reviews showing up: I have my space listed as a solo space or as shared, so when I started air bnb-ing my place I assumed the calendar would sync- anyway, I got an overwhelming amount of requests in the first 10 days of using the site as a host and I double booked by mistake. (I just want to explain here so you don't think it's like a normal or okay thing for me to cancel on people's trips or strand them- that's not cool. honest mistakes/now I understand the app way better.)A clean and cozy top floor (3 floors) apartment in historic 1920's brick building. Right in the middle of the hippest neighborhood in Seattle. Walk everywhere. 13 min walk to the light rail and downtown shopping. 5 min walk to the hottest restaurants and bars. A cozy 650 square foot, top floor (3 floors) apartment in the heart of Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood. This apartment features a living room, dining room, full kitchen, full bath and cozy (small) bedroom. A classic layout for the area. Views of the city can be found just outside the 3 large, vintage style windows. Guests will have access to the entire space during their stay. Guests will have the option to contact us if needed throughout their stay. My wife and I will be a few blocks away. Getting around Capitol Hill is easily accomplished by foot. I walk to my office on the hill every day. Right outside our door are great local restaurants and bars. Walk just 5 more minutes and you're in the middle of the madness. You can aBeautifully designed studio with hardwood floors, and huge windows. Living space is designed with separation between sleeping space and entertaining area. White & Gold decor, in a dog friendly apartment. Located in the heart of the hill!! Perfection. The studio is well separated into 4 chunks: Living room/Bedroom, Kitchen, Bathroom, and Giant Walk-in Closet. You will have access to the whole apartment (I believe including the closet, still working out details) I will have someone available to help you. +Located in the heart of Capitol Hill +97 Walkscore: Walkers Paradise- Daily errands do not need a car +98 Transit Score: Riders Paradise- World class public transportation  +69 Bikescore: Bikeable- Steephills, good bike lanes +Dog Friendly +Couch & inflatable twin air-mattress for additional sleepersWelcome to Seattle and our cozy apartment. We're experienced super hosts with over 100 reviews, and we are here to make sure you'll enjoy your stay! Our apt. is located 2 blocks from the vibrant Pike & Pine streets, in the heart of Capitol hill. Our building is located 2 blocks from the vibrant Pike & Pine streets, filled with bars and hip restaurants and a short walk or bike ride to downtown.  with a walkscore of 95!!  Our apartment was recently renovated from the ground up, and stocked with many cool things that you'll discover for your convenience. Our 1BD apartment is super cute & cozy,  Full bedroom with a queen size bed.  Stylish & modern furniture, super clean, with new amenities, appliances and most importantly quiet and pleasant and right on the best street in the Capitol Hill area. YOU WILL FEEL RIGHT AT HOME! THIS IS OUR PROMISE TO YOU! The apartment is located on prime location next to the hip Pike & Pine streets with tons of trendy restaurants / cafes / bars and galleries.This 750sq foot, lofted one bedroom apartment is brand new, bright, cheerful, and trendy. Walk to chic restaurants, parks, coffee shops, or enjoy the view from the rooftop deck. You'll love it, as much as I do. Guests have access to the whole apartment: kitchen, private deck, building rooftop, laundry.  Feel free to use my pots and pans for cooking, but please bring your own food and shampoo! Also, I have an inflatable queen air mattress. Please DM me if you're interested in it. I won't be around :) unless there is an emergency. Getting around Capitol Hill is easy and fun. Most everything is within walking distance like yoga, the library, parks, etc. And if you want to go a bit further there is a city public bikes station right outside my house! Easily bike to the lake, other neighborhoods, or just cruise around Capitol Hill. :) That said, parking is another story. I have free parking on the street. But it's first come first served. If you're bringing a car, just keep that in mind. I pThis apartment has a lot of character. Lots of windows and natural light. Walking to all bars and restaurants in Cap Hill. 15 minute walk to Pike Place Market, or 8 minute bus ride. Bus stop less than 1 min from apt. Ask me for local recs. The apartment is like a step back to the 70's. Some have said that it may or may not have been Earnest Hemingway's Seattle getaway. All the pictures are at night - but rest assured, there is tons of sunlight during the day. Lots of Windows for fresh air. Relax on the thrones and listen to Blues, Jazz, Classical, Classic Rock, Modern Rock, Hip Hop on Vinyl on a pristine vintage HiFi system. The whole apt is yours. Shoot me a text or phone call. Capital Hill is the hub of Seattle Food and Bars. A few of my favorite bars are: Stumbling Monk, Sun Liqueur on Summit St, Liberty on 15th, Knee High Stocking Club (mixology), Cannon, Needle and Thread (Speakeasy), Pie Bar. Restaurants: Single shot (Date night), Skillet Diner, Margerie, Bar Cotto, Taylor ShellfPeaceful, ground floor, eclectic, retro 60's, minutes from popular coffee shops, pubs, cafes, restaurants, shopping on Broadway, Pike/Pine corridor,  1 block from Pronto bike rental, convenient transit, street parking  -  Walk Score 94 This can be your tranquil home away from home, it is endowed with years of intentional Buddhist meditation. Composting and recycling is part of the living rhythm.  There is a very comfortable, easy to use queen size sofa/bed. This neighborhood is close to REI, South Lake Union, heart of Capital Hill, biking paths, dining, shopping and coffee.  Local bus stop is 1/2 block away. Whole apartment, excepting where my clothes and sewing supplies are.  Laundry and dryer in basement, use separate key.  Need to let me know in advance; will arrange for key access. Wash -$1.50 Dry - $1.50 I will respond as soon as possible.  Texting, calling, or email is fine.  Aim to respond asap.  When I am out of town, my friend who is experienced host will respond to your questA 2 bedroom apartment in the lower level of a 1908 home that was converted into a fourplex. Two queen beds & a futon. A private entry leads you into updated, European-inspired apartment that's close to everything. Parking avail on request. The Space Our two bedroom apartment is in the lower level of a 1908 home that was converted into a fourplex. Two queen beds and a futon are available for you and your guests. A private entry leads you into updated, European-inspired apartment that's close to everything.  The open layout groups the kitchen and living area together, with the bedrooms in the back.  The building is built on a slope, so the bedrooms have limited light for an earthy sleeping option, while the living room and kitchen have light streaming in the large windows.  The bedrooms both have queen-sized beds and smooth, comfortable sheets. The first bedroom has a Murphy Bed/wall bed with a short queen comfy mattress.  It can be put up and used as a den. The second bedroom has a queeThis top-floor corner unit apartment is super lovely with it's coved ceilings, hardwood floors, persian rugs, and tasteful, eclectic decor and furniture.  Enjoy it's perfect location close to everything.  This spacious (700sf) apartment has all (persian rug covered) wood floors.  A designer's apartment, the decor is eclectic and ubiquitous.  There is very little blank wall space as I'm a big fan of art.  The small kitchen is packed with all the kitchen toys you might need including a mixer, food processor, juicer, pots and pans, the works.  Have a small dinner party and eat around the dining room table which comfortably seats 5!   Sleeping:  The bedroom is just as lovely as the rest of the apartment.  It contains a small library, and a leather love-seat for your morning reading ritual!  A vanity with vanity lighting for your evening makeup application, and art-covered walls for your viewing pleasure.  And speaking of pleasure: the queen size bed has freshly laundered and professionallyWonderfully located studio in cute Capitol Hill neighborhood. Spacious studio with wireless internet, monitor able to plug in computer, tv, and a newly remodeled kitchen and bathroom.Whether you're here on business or just soaking in the Seattle sun (or rainwater), catch an unobstructed view of the Space Needle or start your adventure from this top-floor Capitol Hill apartment! Whether you're here on business or just soaking in the Seattle sun (or rainwater), catch an unobstructed view of the Space Needle or start your adventure from this top-floor Capitol Hill apartment! The unobstructed view of the Space Needle from this top-floor Capitol Hill apartment never gets old!  Of age? Coordinate with the owner to sample local beers from around the Pacific Northwest! There's even room on tap!  Tons of public transportation around! Buses depart out the window, with additional options 3 blocks up toward Broadway A cat lives here with me but will be on vacation during your stay. If you are super allergic then take this into account :) Of age? Coordinate with the owner to sample local beers from around the Pacific Northwest! There's even room on tap!  Tons of public transporWelcome! This listing is for shared space in our attic. This nook is ideal for folks  just looking for a place to sleep. The bed has a privacy partition and ear plugs are provided. The house has two roommates and other Airbnb guests. Hello! Our house is a couple blocks off broadway in the northern section of the Capitol Hill neighborhood. The room is one of five bedrooms in our house. You will be staying with roommates and other airbnb guests. We have a cozy kitchen, bathroom and living room with lots of light! You can do laundry downstairs ($1 wash / $1 dry), and hang out in our lovely living room.  Our house is the tall, dark and handsome type, height / weight proportionate, with a red brick exterior (if you're into that sort of thing). Good to know we are an older home, not a hotel so the aesthetics come with the territory. We're two blocks from Broadway, with a stupid amount of cool shit and buses within walking distance. You can get to the Pike/Pine nightlife in a short 10-minute A VERY SPACIOUS  ROOM. SOFA, CHROME CAST TV , QUEEN BED, AND BOSE AUDIO SPEAKERS. ACCESS TO FULL KITCHEN/DINING ROOM, BATHROOM WITH ALL ESSENTIALS & VERY QUICK WALKS TO ALL CAPITOL HILL AND DOWNTOWN BARS/SITES TO SEE. GREAT FOR WEEKEND TRAVELERSAbout Io House: This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for a bunk bed (Upper bunk 2) in a shared room with three other people.  Common area includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. We provide: - High speed Internet - Laundry on-site (detergent provided) - Full kitchen with dishwasher - A back yard with Enjoy this rare 2br home just a few blocks away from the action, yet quiet and close enough to walk to a plethora of restaurants, clubs and shows. Featuring wide planked oak floors, spacious rooms, large kitchen, natural light & parking available This home has wide plank oak floors, leaded glass built-ins, a full, large kitchen, spacious rooms, a fireplace, etc. A home on Capitol Hill is a rarity. Beds are dressed in smooth, comfy sheets for your comfort. The master bedroom is on the main floor, with a regal queen-sized bed and an attached bathroom. The second bedroom is on the lower level. It has a custom new queen sized murphy/wall bed with a super comfortable new memory foam mattress and attached bathroom with shower. The space easily sleeps 6 people: 2 queen beds, a full sized futon in the living-room that folds out and a Euro Lounger in the living-room is also available, so there are technically spaces for 7 people though 6 is the maximum for the house.  Only under rare circumstanAbout Io House: This listing is for the bottom bunk, in a two person bunk room. This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for a bunk bed (Upper bunk 2) in a shared room with three other people.  Common area in the IO House includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. In the Annex (this listing), there is a larAbout Io House: This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for a bunk bed (Lower bunk 2) in a shared room with three other people.  Common area includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. We provide: - High speed Internet - Laundry on-site (detergent provided) - Full kitchen with dishwasher - A back yard with About Io House: This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for a bunk bed (Upper bunk 2) in a shared room with three other people.  Common area includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. We provide: - High speed Internet - Laundry on-site (detergent provided) - Full kitchen with dishwasher - A back yard with About Io House: This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for a bunk bed (Upper bunk 2) in a shared room with three other people.  Common area includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. We provide: - High speed Internet - Laundry on-site (detergent provided) - Full kitchen with dishwasher - A back yard with About Io House: This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for a bunk bed (Lower bunk 2) in a shared room with three other people.  Common area includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. We provide: - High speed Internet - Laundry on-site (detergent provided) - Full kitchen with dishwasher - A back yard with Enjoy a cozy, big bed in a comfortable room right in the heart of Capitol Hill: 2 minutes walking from 15th & Harrison, full of restaurants and coffee shops. The room is spotless and stylish, with Apple TV and extra space for your things.  Our apartment is in the absolute best part of Capitol Hill. The room is spacious and comfortable for you to kick back after a long day exploring the city.  We will get you one copy of two keys to the main entrance.  There are two great girls living in the other two rooms of the apartment--- they will be happy to show your around the area and get you a list of the best restaurants and cafe's nearby! We are in the most central part of Capitol Hill--- 5 minutes walking from Broadway and Harrison, and 2 blocks (2 minutes walking) from 15th ave where there is Victrola Coffee, The Wandering Goose (famous breakfast spot), and tons of great restaurants and hip bars by night. These are great for a nightcap or an easy walk for a night out.  We are really closeHello, I have a top floor furnished room to share in the heart of Capitol Hill; an urban residential area situated on a steep hill just east of the central business district. Seattle's best neighborhood for restaurants, nightlife and shopping. I have a projector set up with a Roku which streams Netflix and Pandora One in the living room. I have found most guests don't like to watch TV but watching a movie or your favorite show on the big screen is a great experience. I have a guest Laptop available for your use. Your welcome to add stations to the apt Pandora One internet radio as well. I just ask you be respectful of the other guests when it comes to the volume. - Fast wireless internet - Guest Computer - Air Conditioning - Netflix - Pandora One Internet Radio (no ads) - Plenty of towels and blankets.  - Wood pellet grill for cooking.  - Incredible dining room and balcony views of downtown Seattle, the Space Needle, and sunsets over the Olympic Mountains. I spend most of my time currePrivate bed/bath. Luxury in trendy heart of Seattle -On the hillside off Broadway, a place assembles the perfect harmony between inner city living and nature. Smell flowers, listen to bird songs, walk to downtown to shop and play. Walk score 96 NOTE: Please let me know a little bit about yourselves and the nature of your visit. Also, if you don't have a full profile set up with a photo and verifications, I will not accept your reservation.  I can usually get back to your booking request within an hour or two.  Thanks in advance :)  This spacious, garden faced villa-style condo is on a hillside off Broadway, in the heart of Capitol Hill.  It is a rather peaceful oasis in the middle of a bustling city.   Your bedroom has a full size bed with comfortable memory form mattress await. The bedroom is not big but it's charming, quiet and clean. You will have your own bathroom during your entire stay. Fresh towels, sheets, pillow case, duvet covers, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and body lotBeautiful 1 bedroom condo on Caphill. In walking distance to downtown, lake union and caphill night life. Brand new queen size bed, washer and dryer, gas fire place, balcony, view of lake union from bed. Covered parking. Be the 1st to stay here! The condo is beautifully furnished, hardwood floors, immaculately clean, fully stocked kitchen (I'm a chef). Rain water shower head. It's in the quiet section of Caphill (North Caphill), but still just minutes away from the lively section that has tons of restaurants and bars. I live just 10 minutes away, so I can help you with anything you need. It's in the quiet section of Caphill (North Caphill), but still just minutes away from the lively section that has tons of restaurants and bars. You will be about a 10 minute walk from SLU, Broadway st., Pike/Pine st. There are several small markets and a few small bars and restaurants a couple blocks away as well. There are buses nearby, but mostly you should be able to walk to anyplace you need to geOne bedroom one bathroom updated Lake Union view condo in Capitol hill.  Updated unit includes all stainless steel appliances, granite counters, heated travetine floors in bathroom. Maple hardwoods, washer/dryer, Internet, television, and more. Queen size bed with newer W hotel mattress, cozy gas fireplace, and balcony with a BBQ.   Less than four blocks to hip Broadway and large grocery store, one block from original Top Pot Doughnuts (yum!), nice neighborhood bars, and bus stop for easy access to downtown. All Seattle has to offer is easily accessible from this location!Cozy 3rd-floor room w/ queen bed, walk-in closet, & private bath. Linens, soaps, & breakfast food. WiFi. Key-coded entry for effortless check in! Ideal location close to Amazon HQ, Pike Place Mkt, & downtown/univ/hospital bus lines. Coffee mecca! ***Not Instant Book for host safety, but will respond w/in 10 hours, time-zone/sleep depending. No reservations will be accepted without a guest photo and phone number. Thank you! :) *** Private "Paris" room on third level with walk-in closet and personal bath adjoining the room, just off the hallway. Room photos taken in December '15, bed linens rotate regularly & seasonally.   - WiFi  - Linens provided. - Complimentary shampoo/conditioner in bath. - Complimentary coffee, tea, juices, and random breakfast items in the communal kitchen. - Hair dryer in the bathroom. - Steamer & iron in entry-floor closet. - Secure, keyed rooms to ensure privacy/safety. - The host is happy to accommodate unique requests for special occasions. - Free on-street pCharming daylight basement unit in the heart of Seattle.  Gorgeous, private unit available as a 1BR or 2 BR with a private patio entrance.  Nestled in Capitol Hill, minutes to Downtown, U of W, Seattle U, and many parks!  Parking Available! Rare private entry space on Capitol Hill within walking distance to everything Seattle has to offer. Illuminated driveway leads you to the separate entrance with private patio for guests only. This is a wonderful secured entry space offering two individual BR's rooms with a shared or private living space (depending on your booking choice: avail as separate rooms or 2 bedroom booking).  Very peaceful, tree lined street.  Nestled amongst Broadway Ave.,  Cal Anderson Park,  Pike-Pine Corridor,  15th Ave., hospitals, 10 minute walk to Volunteer Park,  walk to Seattle University, Seattle Central college and a 25 minute walk to Pike's Market, convention center,through downtown.  Short bus to UW. Sought after private entrance at the end of the illuminated A great little place in Capitol Hill with a view of downtown and the space needle. Hard surface flooring and granite. Private deck w view, 51' HDTV, dishwasher, wifi. A quick walk to the convention center, downtown and south lake union. Perfect for couples and singles. Short stays OK. A private patio with a great view. Hardwood floors with leather couches and a big TV for lounging. HBO and wifi. Dishwasher, full sized stove and microwave. Queen Sized bed. Secure building w one parking space available on request. If your just keeping around the city you won't need a car. Save on a car rental. Take the Light Rail from the airport, and a quick uber or walk to my place. Once here tons of the sights, theaters, bars, restaurants and shops are within a 10-15 minute walk. Walk score of 92. Coin operated laundry room (does take cards) I will meet you to hand off keys and will be available by phone anytime. A bunch of fun places are just a little walk. Convention center , downtown, Pacific PlaceStylish studio on the 6th floor of a beautiful, historic capitol hill building.    Hardwood floors, full kitchen and bathroom, mid-century furnishings, and a view of the sunset on lake union.  In a cool neighborhood, and a 10m walk to downtown!   You'll love the feel of this stylish and cozy apartment in a beautiful, brick, century old building!  The apartment itself is decorated with orchids, ferns, and original art, and hardwood floors welcome you throughout. Three large windows with drapes allow for bright mornings and private evenings.    Despite its central location, my apartment is very quiet.  I find it to be a great place to focus or relax.    I used to cook professionally, so the kitchen is well equipped.  Feel free to use my stand mixer, vintage enamelware pots and pans, full bar, and italian stovetop espresso maker.  Locally roasted coffee and fancy-pants tea is complimentary.        Thanks for staying with me!    Complimentary coffee and tea will be left on the counter.  ThLuxurious and completely remodeled apartment in the best location on Capitol Hill. This apartment  is located just a few blocks from Seattle's famous Broadway Avenue. With a Walkscore of 98, you can't beat the location. Luxurious and completely remodeled apartment in the best location on Capitol Hill. This apartment  is located just a few blocks from Seattle's famous Broadway Avenue and has a nice view of the Seattle skyline. With a Walkscore of 98, you can't beat the location! The apartment was just completely renovated by an award winning interior designer, Michelle Tomy of Belle Grey Design. Everything is spotless, brand new and done to a very high standard. The most comfortable linens and finishes make the apartment as luxurious as a 5 star hotel. 2 flat screen cable TV's, wifi, free long distance, a Wii game console, modern and brand new kitchen and bath.  This is a spacious, light filled, one bedroom apartment with a king bed and a queen sized sofa sleeper. The kitchen is fully eThis Airbnb is all about location... walking distance to downtown, international district, cap hill, Pike Place Market, restaurants, bars, clubs, Seattle U., and within busing distance to UW & the Space Needle. This listing is for the bottom bunk. I'm new to Airbnb and excited to get started! The living area has a twin-sized bunk bed, couch, and spare space for luggage. You are renting out the bottom bunk bed. You may or may not have another Airbnb guest in the other bed depending on if it get's booked or not. There is a fabric (curtain style) separator between my bed (behind the couch) and your living area.  The space you will stay in is a smaller living room with twin bunk beds with clean sheets, large couch, kitchen available for your use (utensils/pans & spices only), clean bathroom, clean towels, shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. The whole apartment stays clean and tidy at all times. You will have access to a free washer and dryer in the building only if it is not being used byNew listing for an introductory rate at the heart of Capitol Hill. An old apartment with a ton of character, hard wood floor, built-in closets, and a full kitchen and bathroom.  Sun and light-drenched well into the evening (a corner apartment!). Super centrally located. This is a corner apartment, so it is sun-drenched until sunset. It is old, rustic and charming with a ton of character. You'll have the whole house to yourself! I do ask, however, that you stay out of my massage practice (clearly marked on the door) :-) I will be out of the county, but my manager, Jon, will be available at any point to answer whatever questions you may have or to assist in any way you may need. Capitol Hill is known for its vibrant night life and culture. The apartment is centrally located right at the heart of it all, with a short walking distance to countless cafes, bars, restaurants, culture venues shops, downtown and Pike Place market. Buses (all within a 5 minute walk radius): 10 (15th Ave), 11 (MaThis new, one bedroom apartment, is located  steps from Capitol hill's wide range of trendy restaurants, bars, boutiques, and  coffee shops. The building amenities include a gym and roof deck with impressive views. professional building.  Unit has hardwoord floors, lots of windows and natural lighting, modern furniture, fully equipt kitchen, queen bed with bedding provide, utilities and internet provided.  The unit is in the heart of capitiol hill and close to lots of coffee shops, bars, restaurants, and large grocery store.  10 min walk to downtown and a block away from bus route.A 5 minute walk from both Broadway (the heart of Capitol Hill) and downtown Seattle. Despite living between 5 bars, noise levels at night are very small. A bus ride away from U-District.    My apartment is a almost like a studio layout...I have a living room connected to a kitchen connected to my bedroom. My bedroom does not have a door on it. The apartment is made of brick, which I feel helps deter sound going from one apartment into another (I've never had any noise complaints with my music, despite the 85 decibel noise level). A bathroom, a barbell rack and barbell, various (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN), and 45 pound weights. I'm down to hang out with you for a few hours! Maybe even show you some of the tourist spots! Lots of music, arts, gay friendly, liberal, Q Nightclub (EDM music)... Lots of bus lines around! 8 goes to the Space Needle.This one bedroom apartment, located in the heart of Seattle, will put you within walking distance of  Capitol hill's trendy cafes and restaurant and a wide range of colorful bars, funky boutiques, and impressive coffee shops.  Other great amenities include a library, Cal Anderson Park, major bus stops, grocery store, and a drugstore.   This one bedroom unit features: - Lots of windows with a skyline view and the space needle -Hardwood floors throughout the living area. -Fully equipped kitchen for guests that wish to cook during their stay. Please help yourself to my collection of spices, cooking oils, and condiments  -On-site laundry Full size bed with down comforter -Blowup mattress if requested - single and or double -  Linens, towels, and hair dryer are provided.  -Coffee, tea, cereal, and oatmeal A great central location for exploring the best of Seattle. If interested please email for more information. Thank you.Charming 1 BR with hardwood floors and many windows all to yourself.  Walking distance to downtown, Capitol Hill, and many restaurants and shops. Bus at the front door. Large living space, dining room, small kitchen. One queen bed and large couch. You'll have the apartment to yourself.  The apartment is in the Capitol Hill neighborhood and is within walking distance of Capitol Hill business district, downtown, Pike's Place Market, Space Needle, and and has a bus stop (Route 47) within feet of the front door to get you downtown faster. You can use the entire apartment.  I do still keep clothes and things there but there is plenty of closet space available for you with hangers, etc., and an iron (in the bathroom linen closet) and ironing board (behind the wardrobe).  The kitchen is small but I'm a former chef so have most of the things you'd need to cook whatever you like - I'm happy when people make use of them to create wonderful dishes or just fry an egg (which is also a wonderful disThis cozy apartment is near volunteer park and just two blocks off of Broadway, which is full of some of the best bars and restaurants in Seattle! BBQ in the courtyard, or watch some Nexflix on the HDTV. This quiet and cozy apartment has everything! Cozy. Comfortable. Clean. This apartment will have everything you're looking for! Looking for a good location? Look no further! Head across the street to explore Volunteer Park, one of Seattle's biggest and most beautiful parks. Want to see what Seattle is about after dark? Walk a couple blocks north to enjoy the wonderful night life Seattle has to offer with some of the best bars and restaurants right on Broadway! If you're feeling tired, snuggle up and watch Netflix for free on the HDTV, or surf the web with our free High-Speed wireless internet. If the Seattle sun is shining, fire up the BBQ and hang out in the courtyard! When it's finally time to rest, shut those blinds and let the Cozy Oasis come to life! We will make you will feel rigMid-century themed 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of Capitol Hill on a quiet tree lined street. Lots of space, beautiful rooftop views and garden views out the window. Close to Volunteer Park, downtown and nightlife. Our apartment is located in the heart of Capitol hill; an urban residential area situated on a steep hill just east of the city's central business district. Capitol Hill is the most densely populated residential district in Seattle as well as being one of the city's most prominent nightlife and entertainment districts. If you are looking for a clean, beautiful and comfortable place to crash where the action is in Seattle, look no further. One room has a queen sized bed and the other room is a comfortable pull-out sleeper sofa. Towels and linens will be provided. 5th floor rooftop access with views of Seattle, the Space Needle, Olympic Mountains and Puget Sound. Coin operated washer and dryer available in the building. About us:  My wife and I are self employed photographLocated in the heart of Capitol Hill, this charming condo is two blocks to Top Pot doughnuts, five blocks to Broadway, and an easy one-mile walk or bus ride downtown. A quiet building on a quiet street, so you can explore by day and relax at night! Rates are low in exchange for minor cat sitting duties while I'm out of town. Nice apartment right in the middle of the vibrant Capitol Hill neighborhood and about a 15-20 minute walk to downtown. Easy bus service also nearby. Please be ID verified. One bedroom with queen size bed.  Couch and inflatable mattress available for extra guests (with three person maximum). Kitchen fully stocked with cutlery, dishes, etc.  Has fridge, oven/ range, microwave, and disposal.  Guests are welcome to play my board games, use the TV with Netflix and the Xbox 360. Speedy Wifi also complementary. There is coin operated laundry facilities in the basement and you're welcome to use my soap. I'll be out of town but a friend will be on call for any emergencies. Capitol Hill is the most vibrant neighborhood in Seattle with fantastic restaurants, bars, dance clubs, and beautiful parks. Easy 15-20 minute walk to downtown. Bus to downtown just across the street and easy bus options for getting to the U-Dist anCentrally located lovely townhome with gorgeous views! This listing offers access to the guest bedroom with its own bathroom and access to living room and kitchen. Enjoy the Seattle nightlife, restaurants or parks from this accessible location with lots of light and great views of the space needle from all the floors. This capitol hill townhouse with three levels has two bedrooms and two bathrooms. Currently, this listing is for one private bedroom, the second bedroom (on level one with a huge patio). The Master bedroom on third level has a very friendly and amazing housemate staying. The living room on second level is tastefully decorated (email hidden) and view of space needle. The unit has a washer dryer and there is ample street parking. Each level has patios to enjoy the great outdoors, perfect for that summer afternoon of grilling! The unit is a block from Safeway, a block from bus-stop and a block from Cal Anderson park -- a walkers paradise!  This dwelling prides great hosts anHello Travelers! Welcome to Seattle!  First, I want to thank you for taking the time to read what I offer here.  I get so many requests and questions a day so please take your time to read my description because I think it will answer most of your questions and it will speed up the approval. I believe all this information will be of great benefit to you if you are looking for a nice area to stay in Seattle.   This is a room in a house.  This room does not include private parking.  I also have a room with twin beds and private parking.  This house is approx. 25mins (rush hour traffic 45 mins) from Seatac Airport and 7 mins from downtown by car.  You can park in front of the house.  I will let you borrow my parking pass so you can park free all day.   I only have one pass so please let me know In advance.   This is a room near the Volunteer Park area, upper Capitol Hill,  most desirable area to live in in Seattle.  If you are looking for a clean, comfortable, flexible check-in and check-Stunning Dutch Colonial in the heart of Capitol Hill. There is no better place in Seattle, in walking range to all Capitol Hill attractions.A 2 bedroom apartment in the lower level of a 1908 home that was tastefully converted into a fourplex. Two queen beds & a futon. A private entry leads you into updated, European-inspired apartment that's close to everything. Parking avail on request. The open layout has the kitchen and living area together with the bedrooms in the back.  The building is built on a slope, so the bedrooms have limited light for an earthy sleeping option, while the living room and kitchen have light streaming in the large windows. The bedrooms both have queen-sized beds and smooth, comfortable sheets.  The kitchen has a stove, full-sized refrigerator, flatware, cookware and utensils for 8. The bathroom is a small bathroom with a shower (no tub). First bedroom has a murphy bed with a short queen super comfy memory foam mattress.  It can be put up and used as a den. The second bedroom has a queen bed that due to the efficient use of space needs to be crawled into from the foot of the bed. There is a shared We've converted our old apartment into a live/work space and you are welcome to make this your Seattle office, too. The bedroom and closets are all yours, but we'll be working out of the living room from 9 - 6 daily. At night the place is ALL yours.  This apartment has awesome accessibility to downtown, public transport, and some of the best food and bars in the city. It's a 5 - 10 min walk from the train to the airport, and even closer to busses that can take you anywhere. Also, since it's on Pike/Pine, it's super easy to grab a cab/uber/lyft. We do use the living room (and only the living room) as a working space so we're usually around from 9 to 6. As such, this place is ideal for those who are traveling for work and want a cheap easy place to stay and/or work out of. The entire place! The bedroom is your sacred place, which is down the hallway from the living room and kitchen, but everything else will be shared from 9 to 6. You have full use of kitchen, bathroom, and our shared worHomey Feel & Ideal Location: Great place to wind down and relax, or prepare for your day/night out. Easy access to downtown Seattle and just blocks away from the shops and restaurants on Broadway. Only a 10-15 minute walk to Pike/Pine nightlife! There are a lot of great attractions within walking distance of the apartment, but if you're inclined to use public transit the 47 bus is just steps away, which takes you to the heart of Downtown Seattle.My apartment is located in the heart of the Pike/Pine area of Capitol Hill. Within walking distance of so many bars, restaurants, parks, and grocery stores. My apartment is a simple, yet spacious, studio. Although my apartment is nothing too fancy, it's very cozy. I'm a student at the moment, so it's relatively low-frill, but the kitchen is pretty well-appointed. I moved into the apartment relatively recently, so I'm still in the process of making it personalized to me. The building itself was built around 1916, so it has plenty of character, wood floors, and built-in cabinetry. You will have full access to my apartment's kitchen, living space, and bathroom. I will not be in Seattle at this time, but the neighbor cat might want to say hello. Capitol Hill is known for it's vibrant culture and night life. Since the 1970s, it's has also been a hub for the city's queer community. It's an exciting, ever-changing place to be. There is quick access to multiple bus lines. Car2Go and Lyft are aThis is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person, but the vast majority of couples who have stayed with us find the intimate space cozy. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day of yourWe have a nice bedroom divided in two different rooms (think bedroom and office) in a beautiful three-bedroom house. The house is located in a quite, nice and central high-end residential street near Volunteer Park. The house is within a minute walk to the park, and is more than 3,500 SqFt including the generous patio. Nicely furnited, hardwood floors in the main area and carpeted bedroom. Nice spacious-full kitchen with appliances. Laundry room available. Bathroom is shared with one other person. Additional half-restroom in the main floor. Free wireless. Plenty of safe street parking. I'm a young independent artist/filmmaker and enjoy meeting people from all over the world. I speak English, Spanish and Italian. My roommate is a young musician/social worker who has also traveled to many places throughout his life. I'm happy to answer any questions regarding the neighborhood or the city in general. Of course feel free to ask any questions regarding the house. Hope to hear from you.  ThaQuaint Studio located in the best part of Capitol Hill! Traditional style details and simple decor with gardens surrounding the property, quiet and close to all the best restaurants and bars in the area! This space is a large Studio, has enough room for a blow up bed if needed. The building has a cottage feeling with brick exterior.  The unit has hardwood floors and honeycomb tile. Radiator heat is in each room, and there are plenty of windows! This apartment has so much character and has small surprise details throughout. This is a corner unit, so you only have one neighbor.  There is a TV in this unit with Netflix, HBO GO, and Hulu to use at your convenience! As well as WI-FI.  Electric stove and oven, with plenty of cookware if needed.  Bathtub in the bathroom for relaxation! Please note that most buildings in Seattle have no air conditioning. But I do have a fan and each room has windows, the front door screen locks so you can leave the front door open and get a nice breeze. A spacSpacious, sophisticated and unpretentious, this 1-bedroom unit can sleep up to 4 when using our luxury sleeper sofa. In the heart of Capitol Hill in the Pike/Pine Corridor, it is an unbeatable location with all the comforts of home. 308 is a one bedroom apartment, perfect for a couple or up to four using the sleeper sofa.  There is a master bedroom, a large living room and a kitchen complete with gas range. The master bedroom has a very comfortable queen bed. The bedroom is in the middle of the apartment, so it's shielded from street noise. On the wall opposite the bed is an LCD TV with DVD player. The sleeper sofa in the living room is a patented design, and we're told it's the best sleeper sofa in the world! It is very comfortable and queen-sized, so it sleeps two easily.  The kitchen has a full sized gas stove, full sized fridge, a vented microwave and all the cookware and essentials (except the food) for cooking just like home. And if you want to cook at home nothing could be more Capitol Hill area.  Two blocks to the most beautiful park in Seattle.  Spacious top floor room with a view of Space Needle.  Private parking is available if you request in advance.Hello, I have a top floor furnished bedroom to share in the heart of Capitol Hill; an urban residential area situated on a steep hill just east of the central business district. Seattle's best neighborhood for restaurants, nightlife and shopping. I have a projector set up with a Roku which streams Netflix and Pandora One in the living room. There is a guest Laptop available for your use. I have found most guests don't like to watch TV but watching a movie or your favorite show on the big screen is a great experience. Your welcome to add stations to the apt Pandora One internet radio as well. I just ask you be respectful of the other guests when it comes to the volume. - Fast wireless internet - Guest Computer - Air Conditioning - Netflix - Pandora One Internet Radio (no ads) - Plenty of towels and blankets.  - Wood pellet grill for cooking.  - Incredible dining room and balcony views of downtown Seattle, the Space Needle, and sunsets over the Olympic Mountains. I spend most of my time Lovely private room with large bay windows and high ceilings in the center of Capitol Hill. Our house is centrally located while still in a quiet residential neighborhood. Just minutes away from excellent coffee, restaurants, bus lines, and three grocery stores. We even have our own specialty tea shop. Enjoy! This is one of the historical homes of Seattle that have been here since over 100 years, and the bay windows and high ceilings are reminiscent of the older architectural designs. Makes playing music while cooking or relaxing sound great, and keeps the place brightly lit! We use the main level of this home, and guests will have a a living room with a wrap around couch we built, a piano, a perfect sofa chair for reading or relaxing. Guests can then either go into their bedroom or down the hallway to the back of the house where there's access to our washer/dryer, a kitchen with full cooking amenities, a small back porch with chairs and a table for enjoying morning sunlight or lazy afThis charming 1 Bed / 1 Bath apartment in the heart of Capital Hill is periodically available depending on our travels. It looks into a lush, quiet courtyard, and is literally steps from the Pike/Pine corridor. Plus it's a short 5min walk downtown. The apartment is located on the 1st of 3 levels in a 1950s building. It is down one level from the street in the front, and up one small set of stairs from the street in the back (it's on a hill). It is not wheelchair accessible. Please note this building is NOT a luxury apartment. It is in an older building with more character - please keep that in mind when considering staying with us :) Living Room: Our living space has a television with Netflix / Hulu / HBO access + wifi. Comfortable seating for 4. Dining Area: There is a dining area with table + 4 chairs. Kitchen: Full stocked kitchen including everything you would need to cook a feast. Bathroom: Is a nice size, and has a full bathtub. Bedroom: Queen size bed, and television in the room2 Bedroom, 1 3/4 Bath. Fully stocked Kitchen, wifi. All Linens included. Downstairs master suite with King size bed, spare room with Queen. Nice air-mattress also available. Gorgeous view, but you'll need to climb a few flights of stairs.Welcome to Capitol Hill!  Relax in our comfortable top floor corner unit that overlooks the Space Needle! Just blocks away from bustling Broadway and Cal Anderson park. Walk to local shops, restaurants and bars in the best neighborhood in Seattle!  This apartment building was built in the 1920's! It has beautiful hardwood floors and vintage decor.  Comfy full bed sleeps two. Very heavenly duvet and pillows.  Our neighbors are either a) Ghosts, or B) Very quiet. We've never had any noise complaints from guest! Kitchen is fully stocked for all your cooking needs and the bookshelves are fully stocked too! Do you like comics? You have booked the right place.  Board games are provided and encouraged. (We have Cards Against Humanity!) We have a beautiful view of the Space Needle that's best enjoyed with a bottle of wine and a friend. Our apartment is full of bright, colorful art, books and tchochkes. We hope you enjoy your stay. Kitchen, Bathroom, the works! Don't go in our closets; they're Luxurious and completely remodeled apartment in the best location on Capitol Hill. This apartment is located just a few blocks from Seattle's famous Broadway Avenue. With a Walkscore of 98, you can't beat the location! The apartment was just completely renovated by acclaimed interior designer, Michelle Tomy of Belle Grey Design. Everything is spotless, brand new and done to a very high standard. The most comfortable linens and finishes make the apartment as luxurious as a 5 star hotel. 2 flat screen cable TV's, Wi-Fi, free long distance, a Wii game console, and a modern and brand new kitchen and bath.  This is a spacious, light filled, one bedroom apartment with a king bed and a queen sized sofa sleeper.  It is fully equipped with everything you need for those days when you don't want to dine at any of the wonderful neighborhood restaurants. All the bedding is 100% Egyptian cotton and even the sofa sleeper is very comfortable.  This apartment will not disappoint even the most discerninOur colorful art-filled 1910s apartment has plenty of amenities & charm. We're on a quiet street in the heart of Capitol Hill, offering both convenience & respite from the crowds. Steps away from public transportation & a short walk to downtown. Our vintage apartment offers: -- hardwood floors -- accommodations for 2-4 (full bed & air-mattress) -- electric heat -- many amenities -- fantastic location While staying in our apartment, you'll have access to:         -- a well equipped kitchen with immersion blender, Chemex coffee maker, a temperature regulated hot water kettle, electric stove, refrigerator (feel free to use any condiments), juicer, cutting boards, dishes, etc.(URL HIDDEN)--WiFi(URL HIDDEN)-- clean towel(URL HIDDEN)-- hair drye(URL HIDDEN)-- shampoo & conditione(URL HIDDEN)-- full sized bed with fresh linens(URL HIDDEN)-- plenty of books & periodicals to peruse as you enjoy your morning coffee(URL HIDDEN)-- games and puzzles - Scrabble, Go, Rummikub, playing cards, & puzzle1924 brick classic in an exceptionally accessible part of Seattle. Not only does the layout feel comfortable and inviting with easy access to all the sights and local destinations, but the vintage courtyard offers relaxing scenery to enjoy. *The Abode* Location , Location , Location = Capitol Hill ~Bus lines access to downtown. ~Beautiful Courtyard. ~Neighborhood bars, cafe's, and restaurants. ~Free Parking (inquire prior if needed) *Safe Neighborhood* Secured gate and access doors.  Three points of entry. Keys supplied at check in. *Guest Services* I hope to provide courteous service with detailed follow through of any information you may require. *THE AREA* Capitol Hill is a fantastic neighborhood in Seattle. The Walking Score is unbeatable (97!!) and the public transportation is phenomenal. There will be bus stops right outside the apartment! Quiet, Friendly people, Safe area, Proximity within waling distance to all ones needs.  Neighborhood restaurants, cafe's, and bars. ~Top Pot DThis apartment was completely renovated to a very high standard.  Everything is modern, new, clean and comfortable. GREAT location only a few blocks from Broadway but on a quiet street. Walk score of 98! Luxurious linens in a light filled apartment. The apartment is comfortable, spacious, light filled and furnished to a high standard by an interior designer. Quality finishes throughout in this modern, clutter-free apartment. King bed with 100% Egyptian cotton linens, queen sofa sleeper with upgraded VERY comfortable mattress, Caesarstone countertops in fully stocked kitchen with stainless appliances,  modern bathroom with designer tiles,  hight speed Wifi and cable TV.  This Capitol Hill location can't be beat with a walk score of 98.  There are dozens of restaurants, cafes and shops just a short walk away.  While a car is not necessary, parking is available in a spot next to the building for $12/nt. There's a bus stop just a few blocks from the building  *Downtown: 15 minute walk or 5Charming daylight basement unit, private, 1BR with separate entrance, private patio, hotel style kitchenette in the heart of Seattle. Nestled in Capitol Hill, minutes to downtown, U of W, Seattle U, and many parks!  Parking Available! The unit is located in the basement of 1900's Victorian style home.  Rare private entry space on Capitol Hill within walking distance to everything Seattle has to offer.  Illuminated driveway leads you to the separate entrance with private patio for registered guests. This is a wonderful secured entry space offering 1 BR with private living space and hotel style kitchenette.  (No stove or kitchen sink). Very peaceful, tree lined street nestled amongst Broadway Ave., Cal Anderson Park, Pike-Pine corridor, 15th Ave., hospitals, 10 min. walk to Volunteer Park, walk to Seattle University, Seattle Central College, and a 25 minute walk to Pikes Market, Convention Center through downtown.  Short bus ride to UW. Sought after private entrance at the end of the illJust blocks from downtown shopping, a walk to Pike Place, and business district. Close to all the best bars (2 blocks away from one of Seattles best sushi restaurants and Canon, voted "Top 10 Best Cocktail Bars in the World" in 2014~ fun fact) restaurants, parks, museums and seattle's music and art scene! You can walk just about everywhere to any Seattle's main attractions. Our place is the top floor of a house with big windows, high ceilings, and a loveable pup. There are two people who live here. Our extra bedroom doubles as storage/guest bedroom.  The closet is used for storage so you won't have access to it.  During the summer we're pretty social and active and since we are in the middle of Capitol Hill we always have friends over during the afternoons. The house is one block away from the busiest part of the Hill but stays pretty quite at night. Weekends can get a bit noisy and unpredictable, with people walking back to their cars late night.  You must be a dog person. Mousse is nPrivate bedroom in the heart of Capitol Hill. Perfect location w/Along beautiful Volunteer Park in upper Capitol Hill's most desirable zip code! Ideal for those looking for a serene urban base from which to explore this famous neighborhood and city! Walkable nightlife! Tastefully decorated! Queen bed! In this large 1,100 sq ft 2nd story apartment you will have a private room and your own private bathroom, a full kitchen, and living room. The bed is a real queen size mattress atop a stylish pullout sofa frame, very comfortable. The apartment is beautifully decorated and furnished. The plush new couch is incredibly comfortable, rivaled only by your queen size bed! During the week and on a few weekends I will be staying in the 2nd bedroom and at times will share the kitchen. Anything else in the kitchen is yours to use! In addition, you will have soap, shampoo, conditioner, fresh towels, a hair dryer, and a washing machine / dryer with detergent available for use! You are also welcome to use the wifi, tv, and Netflix! VOLUNTEER PARK: One of the safest Unique 1BR apartment in a beautiful historic building on Capitol Hill. Bright space with large windows, wood floors, and a view of downtown. Relax, listen to records, read comics, and cook dinner in this cozy urban nest! *DISCOUNT for 5+ nights!* My apartment is situated in one of Capitol Hill's treasured historic buildings, dating to 1906.  The space features large windows, ample sunlight, hardwood floors, and and an open, well-equipped kitchen. Between the queen-sized bed and large couch, the apartment can quite comfortably accommodate two people. My home is a well-loved and carefully thought out space.  It is filled with paintings, photographs, animal skulls, and all kinds of treasures in between. This is a place for people who want to listen to records, cook dinner and read queer comics on the peacock print couch.  This is also a place for people who want to be out all night and have a short walk home.   My apartment is not much like a hotel.  I don't have cable TV or things that mColorful private bedroom in a vibrant neighborhood in the heart of Capitol Hill. Two blocks from Broadway and easy access to downtown.Large studio apartment in historic building located right off the Pike/Pine corridor in Capitol Hill, near the city's best live music venues, bars, clubs, restaurants, cafes, grocery stores, bus lines. 10 minute walk to downtown/ Pike Place Market. This is a charming, spacious studio apartment in a historic building. You'll get a private room with kitchenette, shared bathrooms in the building. There is a full size bed, dresser, closet, and work desk. Wireless internet. Cooking amenities. Laundry room in the basement ($1.50 per load). Shared bathrooms (full shower). Access to kitchen appliances/ dishes/ cooking amenities. WIFI.  Street parking. I will leave you the keys, and let you have fun! I will leave coffee/tea but I'd recommend enjoying the great local cafes. There is a grocery store one block away and plenty of the city's best restaurants nearby. Capitol Hill is the coolest neighborhood in Seattle, and close to everything! Great shopping, live music, bars, restaurants, cafes, artSurrounded by views on one side and a garden oasis on the other, this is truly a unique property close to the hustle and bustle of Capitol Hill.  Enjoy our private bed & bath on the upper floor of a hillside single family home with shared kitchen. This is our living space at the Capitol Hill Oasis available only when we're out of town. **Note our bedroom has changed slightly as we've installed a wallbed.  Same comfy mattress, just folds up into the wall! I've listed this for particular guests who have inquired and only offer this part of the property on a very selective basis.  Please click on my profile and select "Capitol Hill Oasis - Lake Union View" to see further reviews and our listing available much more often. You have unique access to our home, nestled between the Howe and Blaine stairs on the quiet north end of Capitol Hill. We're in a great location for public transit (served by Metro 49, 25 & 70-series) from Sea-Tac airport and Washington State Ferries, and free on-street pAvailable for January 2016. Spacious, light and centrally located in one of Seattle's most desirable neighborhoods. Shopping, nightlife, buses and a park all within 4 blocks. Own parking spot. Longer stays preferred. Entire unit, plus access to shared laundry room on same floor. Capitol Hill is Seattle's liveliest neighborhood, with lots of restaurants, bars,  coffeeshops, shopping and nightlife. The unit is on a quieter street, 3-4 blocks from the action in either direction. It's just northeast of downtown, east of South Lake Union and south of the University District. You'll have your own parking spot next to the building (a luxury on Capitol Hill) and there are frequent buses to downtown and the University District (about 15m ride) just 3-4 blocks away . Nearby are two lively streets, Broadway (4 blocks) and 15th Ave (3 blocks) as well as a park with old lumber baron mansions, a conservatory, an old water tower and art museum. Short stair to get to floor, so not wheelchair accessiblVery cute studio with incredible views of the Space Needle, Elliot Bay, and mountains! Features a cozy kitchen with breakfast nook as well as a roomy bathroom. Very close to bars, restaurants, and downtown. Prime viewing for holiday fireworks! ***Apartment Available over Thanksgiving Weekend! Must arrive 11/25*** The building was built in 1900 and is in great shape. The pre-war moldings have so much charm and big wide west-facing windows let in a ton of light. Being on the 7th floor affords you privacy and spectacular views of the city and nature. Everything in the studio except the closet is open to guests. The laundry room and garbage rooms are in the basement. There are an extra foam floor mattress and sheets available for a 3rd guest. I am available 24/7 by phone and text and am often in the city, so I'll be able to come by to help with any problems. Check-in is generally any time after 12pm, but msg me if you have a conflict and we can work something out. I usually wait until a coThis modern one bedroom loft has an open layout, floor to ceiling windows with lots of sunlight, and views of Lake Union. Located in Capitol Hill, just three blocks from shops and nightlife. Enjoy city and mountain views from the balcony or roof. The loft is an open one bedroom with lots of space, vaulted ceilings, floor to ceiling windows, and a full kitchen and bath. The bedroom features a California King size bed and the couch folds down to potentially fit a third person.  Guests will have access to all of the space, the washer/dryer, the roof deck, and the common room. There is no wifi in the apartment but there is free wifi in the common room that you can access if you need it. I just use a Hotspot on my phone when I'm home so I've never needed to set up permanent wifi.  There is a TV set up with an Xbox One and Kinect for games and movies but there is no cable. You'll want to enjoy Seattle anyway and won't need cable! I will normally check you in in person and after that it's up huge bedroom with view, probably the most comfortable bed ever, 15 minute walk to downtown, literally around the corner from cute cafes and little shops. I can host like Martha Stewart or stay outta your way or something in between those? buses one block away/ an uber is literally never more than 5 min awayPanoramic views of Lake & Mountains!  Watch the sailboats & sea planes! Prime walking location... just 1 block off-Broadway, a short 10-minute walk to the Lake Union waterfront at Chandler's Cove--bars, coffee shops, & restaurants! Downtown Seattle at your door step!  Prime location in the heartbeat of Seattle!  Seattle landmarks within minutes-- Space Needle, Seattle Center, waterfront Ferry Terminal, and much more! From this ideal location, watch the sea planes, and sail boats in Lake Union while staying in the ideal walking location with restaurants, coffee shops, bars and QFC Grocery store all at your door step! Top Floor updated, fully furnished unit, with new cabinets, granite counter tops, new stainless steel appliances, fully equipped kitchen, newly renovated bathroom with travertine tile craftsmanship throughout. Fully equipped with wireless internet & cable included.  LOCATION: North Capitol Hill - Just off-Broadway - Belmont Ave. East & Bellevue Ave. WHAT: Top floor one bedrAdorable 1 bd/1br vintage apartment located in the heart of Capitol Hill. 5 blocks from Broadway & 15 min walk downtown. Walk Score of 94. 1 queen size bed, and 1 twin air bed available. 2 small couches & chaise could accommodate more. Street parking available. Vintage 1920s apartment. Apartment, and courtyard. Able to answer emails/texts throughout visit. Part of a long ridge that overlooks downtown, Capitol Hill is a vibrant community, with a thriving business district along Broadway Avenue and along 15th and 19th avenues. It is home to Volunteer Park and the Seattle Asian Art Museum, Seattle Central CommunityCollege, Cornish College for the Arts, Seattle U, as well as many shops, restaurants, and coffeehouses and cafes. In the center of Capitol Hill is the Broadway Business District. Here you'll find every kind of shop or service one could need: hip local clothiers for people (and house pets), two independent movie houses, two huge supermarkets to gather your groceries, and the worlThis centrally located Capitol Hill apartment has a walk score of 95 and is easily accessible to downtown Seattle and the Pike Place market. Steps away from the numerous coffee shops, restaurants, and stores Capitol Hill has to offer! The apartment is located on the top floor of a charming three story apartment building. There are hardwood floors throughout the space along with a fully stocked kitchen and bath. For sleeping arrangements we have a queen bed in the bedroom and a couch in the living room. There is no door between the bedroom and living room, which makes for a nice open and spacious feel throughout the apartment.  As soon as you step out the door of the apartment building you are just minutes away from an abundance of coffee shops, restaurants, and stores. Whatever cuisine you are craving or night life experience you are hoping for can be found close by.  We are close to two large parks and situated closer to a residential street so you can come back home to some calm afteSimple, private room in a shared apartment in the heart of Capitol Hill's arts & nightlife district. Beautiful city parks, great music venues, art galleries, theaters + a huge selection of bars and restaurants all within walking distance. Women only please. Private bedroom in a simple, beautifully restored historic property in the heart of Capitol Hill with lots of windows and natural light, a shaded courtyard, wood floors and antique fixtures/detailing. Private bedroom, shared bathroom, courtyard & laundry facilities. I live here and use the front area as a bedroom/work space so, if complete privacy is critical, I would suggest an alternative. If you prefer a shared space and location is most important to you, I'd highly recommend. Capitol Hill has a vibrant arts and music scene, is centrally located, and is easily accessible by public transportation. We are up on a steep hill, so the sunrises, sunsets, and views of the skyline, water, and mountains coming down Olive, from Cal AndersoNeed a place to relax comfortably and still get to everything quickly and easily by walking? I provide a comfortable, well-furnished bedroom with attached bathroom. You may access to my kitchen, in-unit washer & drier, and TV plus FREE BREAKFAST! Your bedroom has a queen-sized bed with some shelf space and part of a closet. In addition to luxury sheets and a blanket, I offer soft towels, a hair drier, extra toiletries! If you are a group of 3 or more, I also have a couch and a queen-sized air mattress you may use. You will be welcome to use my kitchen, washer & drier, refrigerator, or anything else you need to make yourself at home. I also provide a light breakfast for my guests (muffins, bagels, bread, cheeses, cold cuts, orange juice, milk, and eggs are available usually). Let me know if you have any special requests! I can give you as much space or help as you like. I love to show people around Seattle and I cook most days, but if you are just looking for a quiet place that is fine Perfectly located within walking distance of all that Capitol Hill has to offer yet far enough off the beaten path to provide a tranquil space to relax. The only house in the area. It's hard to pass up a porch, back yard, Viking stove, and parking. We have a beautiful kitchen with a Viking stove if cooking is your thing. The living room and dining room are open and you get great morning light to enjoy your coffee in. It's small but cozy and perfect for 1-2 couples or a family. The full house and yard are yours to enjoy! The house is in Capitol Hill and therefore within walking distance to a great food and imbibe scene. The 47 bus which goes straight to Pike Place Market is right out th front door. We are located a half mile from volunteer park as well which is a great place for a stroll and run. If endorphins are your thing we are a mile from the 220+ stairs at Howe Street We have onsite parking for a small fee and the 47 bus is right out the front door. Coming soon (early 2016) we are97 Walkscore!! Our favorite area in cap hill with everything nearby from restaurants to bars to gyms to stores. Unlike downtown where businesses close in the evening, the ones here in Cap Hill are open much later Our favorite area in cap hill with everything nearby from restaurants to bars to gyms to stores, located close to the corner of Broadway and e Pike.  Unlike downtown where businesses close in the evening, the ones here in Cap Hill are open much later This location is fantastic and has a 97% walkscore, meaning it's close to everything: banks, coffee shops, parks, shopping, clubs, bars, a 24hr grocery store, and most importantly, it's just a stone's throw away from the densest area of top yelp-rated restaurants in Seattle. A few of our favorite restaurants are right around the corner. We'd recommend Momiji (Sushi), Quinn's (American), Odd Fellows, Poquitos (Mexican), Cafe Presse or Barrio (Mexican). Our favorite cocktail spots in the area are Canon Bar - which won a _national_ aOur stylish townhouse in the heart of quirky Capitol Hill is steps from dozens of restaurants, bars, and coffee shops. Have the whole lower floor to yourself with a private bedroom and bathroom. Local coffee, art, fun hosts, and rooftop deck access. Our townhouse is ideally located in the middle of Capitol Hill, an easy walk from some of the most amazing restaurants and bars in Seattle. We'd be happy to recommend some places! The space is modern and clean, with some Northwest touches. While the bottom floor is reserved only for guests while you're here (we won't disturb you in your area), guests are welcome to the living/dining/kitchen area and the rooftop deck on upper floors during the day (9am to 6pm). The entire first floor, including bedroom, bathroom, and hallway, will be for guests only during your stay. The kitchen, living room, dining room, and rooftop deck are available from 9am to 6pm daily, or by special arrangement (just ask!). Laundry machines always available for use. FrThis studio apartment is colorfully decorated with interesting and lively details. A cozy queen bed, stocked kitchen & breakfast high top make this space the perfect place whether you're in town for business, a concert, or a night on Capitol Hill. Everything except the closet is available for use. Cabinets with items for use are in the kitchen. I am local and able to help guests with questions or any concerns that might come up while staying in the cozy apartment. Capitol Hill is a great neighborhood with so many interesting details and great shops. I love that everything is within five minutes walking distance! The apartment is right on the bus line that runs downtown. However, you are so close that, if it's not raining, a walk will give you the chance to see the city. Just a heads up, the bed is very comfy, with temperpedic pillows, but it does not have a bed frame.This is a 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom garden apartment with sofa in a fully renovated 1908 craftsman house centrally located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood. With a 97 walk score loaded with all of the luxury amenities any visitor would want. This is a 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom with sofa in a garden apartment in a fully renovated 1908 craftsman house centrally located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood. Loaded with all of the amenities any visitor would need for a comfortable stay, this property is situated on a quiet, peaceful street, but a just a block away to Broadway.  With a 97 walk score, everything you might want is close at hand.  A very nice outdoor patio is available for guests use and includes seating and a gas grill. Public transportation is excellent from this location. The apartment is 1 block from several bus lines. The neighborhood is filled with an array of excellent restaurants, boutiques as well as coffee houses. Walking distance from the major attractions such as Pike Place MaEnjoy everything that vibrant Capitol Hill has to offer from my perfectly appointed, quiet condo.  Located on the top floor with fabulous light even on the most Seattle of Seattle days, this 780 sq ft unit has it all, with easy access to public transportation, great restaurants, and nightlife. The condo is located in a registered historic building in a quiet neighborhood of the Hill, just minutes from the Broadway thoroughfare, with cafes, movie theaters, and Zagat rated restaurants.  You can walk downtown, take a direct bus to any part of the city, or enjoy a retreat for travel to the mountains, just 1.5 hours away.  Volunteer Park is 10 minutes up the road by foot and the burgeoning South Lake Union area is just as close in the other direction.   Every street corner offers a fantastic view of the city and the Sound, making everyday life in this neighborhood the quintessential Seattle experience.  Best of all, Top Pot donuts, a local legend, is half a block away. On site parking is avApartment with 11' ceilings and terrace overlooking the park in the heart of Capitol Hill, convenient to great bars, restaurants, nightlife, and retail. Our apartment is in the heart of Capitol Hill, convenient to great bars, restaurants, nightlife, and retail.  The 900-square feet apartment can boast of a large terrace overlooking Cal Anderson Park and windows that go up the 11' foot ceilings to allow for a spacious and light-filled apartment that makes you forget that it's a overcast day in Seattle! This is a personal home to a couple and when we're out of town, we want to open up our home to those who may benefit from having a “home" to call their own right in the hippest neighborhood of Seattle.  This is not a hotel and we are not in the business of subletting condos.  This is our home and the care that goes into it shows. Our place is in a new building with one bedroom (with queen bed), a bonus room that pulls double-duty as an office/spare bedroom (queen aerobed can be set up forBunker 11 is a simple, basic studio apartment located at the back of the house next to the 11th Avenue Inn. It's a 400sf walk-out basement apartment with a private entrance, free parking, and WiFi. Bunker 11 a 400sf walk-out basement apartment with private entrance and free parking.   It has a concrete floor, exposed wood posts and beam, 6'6" ceilings (be careful if you are tall), kitchen, and free WiFi.    LOCATION : We are 1.0 mile from Downtown Seattle - a 20 minute walk, and 1.5 miles from the Pike Place Market and from Seattle Center where the Space Needle is - a 30 minute walk. Most of our guests walk to Downtown. Buses to Downtown Seattle stop one block from the Inn. We're near dozens of restaurants, shops, and a popular park. The unit will be ready for our incoming guests by 3pm, but if you arrive before 3pm you are welcome to come next door to the 11th Avenue Inn to drop bags, get keys, park car, make yourself at home.This place is right in the heart of Seattle's true cultural center; easy walking distance to all the bars, coffee shops, nightclubs, and funky shopping options that make Capitol Hill fabulous.You will not find a better location.  You will be in the Pike/Pine corridor, the hottest area of the hottest neighborhood, Capitol Hill. Modern mid-century inspired condo in the heart of Capitol Hill's Pike/Pine corridor. All of the best nightlife and restaurants are in this part of the city and within blocks of our place! Including, fantastic venues for catching music, films, and shopping.  With a walk score of 95, you are 10 minute from downtown and Pike's Place Market, with buses and light rail nearby. There is also a fantastic farmers market on the hill every Sunday April through December. Our home has an open airy layout, hardwood floors, high-end appliances and decor, and beautiful floor to ceiling windows. 1.5 bathrooms, 2 bedrooms (queen size bed and twin day bed), washer and dryer, dishwasher, and espresso maker. The HUGE PATIO has a fire pit, lounge chairs, and dining area, all with a City view. Flat screen TV in living room, DVD, Sonos soundsystem, Netflix streaming, wifi, mcontemporary condo on the western edge of pike pine/capitol hill, just minutes walk from light rail station, bus stops, and downtown core. bedroom and living room open onto balcony.  dishwasher/washer/dryer and fully stocked kitchen. spacious condo with all the amenities you'll have full access to all kitchen and bathroom appliances, as well as tv/dvd/wifi We can arrange for a personal or remote welcome, depending on our logistics. Pike/Pine is the most urban neighborhood in seattle.  parking is difficult but walking is fantastic. dozens of the best high and low end eats and drinks in town are just minutes away on foot. two fantastic parks also accessible on foot. or head down the hill to pike place market and light rail to other neighborhoods bus stop in front of building and around the corner to u district, downtown and points north, east or west.  I love my home and care for it well; I hope it will be a great spot for you to enjoy your stay in Seattle and that you will care for it k1BR in Capital Hill, the city's most prominent nightlife and entertainment district. Boutiques, restaurants and coffeeshops galore. Walking distance to Space Needle, Pike Place Market, Chinatown, stadiums, Starbucks' and Nordstrom's flagship stores!! Walk Score of 99.Located just off Broadway in the heart of Capitol Hill. This Rick Owens inspired studio is a short walk from the best dining and retail in Seattle. Features include custom furniture, refinished floors, Tempur-Pedic mattress, full kitchen and bathroomStylishly renovated 1904 Capitol Hill home. Minutes to UW, downtown and South Lake Union right in the heart of Seattle's hippest neighborhood. 3 bedrooms with private en-suite baths and 4th bedroom also serving as TV room. No parties allowed. Beautiful renovated 1904 Capitol Hill classic set high up off the street with great light but lots of privacy. Great location, minutes to downtown by bus (#47), by foot or a quick cab ride. UW a 10 minute bus ride away. Guest on-street parking pass available at no cost. With a walk score of 97, shops, cafes, restaurants abound in the neighborhood. LBGT friendly. New outdoor deck and landscaping. **Important notice**  No parties and no third-party stays. Accommodations only. Not suitable for the elderly, children or mobility impaired individals. Keys are retrieved from a lock box and my local housekeeper can do extra cleaning for a small fee. Separate TV room has a fold out bed for additional guests (this requires prior communication with host). Yo1bed/1bath, a private living space with 1/2 kitchen and a side deck accessible from loving room.1 bedroom apartment located in the best of both worlds: quiet neighborhood  and located 5-10 minute walking distance to Seattle's best night life. And you get the whole apartment to yourself! 20 minute walk to downtown/waterfront. The apartment is yours to do what one would do in an apartment. Cook a meal, eat my food, strum on my guitar,  watch a movie, enjoy a soak in the tub. You can sleep too. Access to entire apartment. I will be staying close by so if you need assistance I can help. Capitol Hill is the place to experience Seattle's youthful culture. The apartment is located in a quiet area but just a few blocks from food, drink, and tons of live music. Grocery (Safeway) is one block away. Bars and restaurants one block away. Just one block from bus routes.  There is an excellent bike rental service that has bikes available right around the corner called Pronto Cycle Share. The only parking space belongs to another. The street the apartment is on is zoned (I'll explain). However tThis beautifully crafted artist townhouse offers two bedrooms with queen-sized beds. The Master Suite has a fireplace to keep you warm and cozy on chilly nights.  With comfortable accommodations for four (4) guests, this uniquely designed property is very ideal for couples or family looking for an amazing Seattle escapade. It also has 2 1/2 bathrooms, chef designed kitchen, koi pond and rooftop deck!  From the rooftop, you'll have an amazing view of Lake Union and Seattle with gorgeous sunsets and sparkling city lights!  On the lower level, you'll see the artistic touch of this gorgeous home. It displays wide array of painting and great work of arts done by the owner herself. The koi pond and patio area will surely give you the therapeutic relaxation to make you loosen up from a day of fun and excitement. Check out our pictures!  Capitol Hill neighborhood and downtown Seattle have great shopping areas, amazing restaurants, churches, entertainment and a great night life! On the same bloBuilt in the mid-century for the 1960 World's Fair, this 1 bed/1bath apartment provides an authentic Seattle experience! The Space  Built in the mid-century for the 1960 World's Fair, this 1 bed/1bath apartment provides an authentic Seattle experience! Located on the 3rd floor.  The Neighborhood  This vintage apartment is located at the end of Seattle's vibrant Capitol Hill neighborhood, a residential area known for its nightlife and entertainment spots.  It's also home to city's largest LGBT community, and is “go-to" destination for great restaurants, shops, and bars. Additionally, supermarkets, gyms, yoga studios, coffee shops and lounges are all located nearby. Getting Around  This apartment is in an ideal location: In 10 minutes, you can walk to Downtown Seattle and Pike Place Market or the Washington State Convention center.  We are located within walking distance to all major bus lines, including the Convention Center Tunnel Station, which takes you anywhere inside and outside ofEnjoy this 1bd/1ba apt with balcony view of Seattle's picturesque downtown skyline! Great location, easy 1 mile walk to Pike Place market. Bars/clubs/restaurants, parks, grocery store blocks away. Also 2 large couches and an air mattress to sleep on. One bedroom apt with large common room connected to kitchen. There's a open-air courtyard outside the door that is private from street (need to go through locked door). Washers and dyers on 2nd floor of building.This is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person, but the vast majority of couples who have stayed with us find the intimate space cozy. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You will also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day ofOur apartment is part of a large craftsman home built in 1907 in Seattle's vibrant Capitol Hill neighborhood.  Guests enter from the main door and our apartment is on the second floor.  There are two bedrooms, one with a king bed, another with a twin, and 1 and 1/2 bathrooms.  There are two outdoor decks, one an actual sleeping porch.  It's very light with huge windows and a gas fireplace.  We are located the middle of the most virbant, bustling part of Seattle within walking distance (2 blocks!) of many restaurants, parks and amenities.  The bus line is one block away and connects to downtown in 15 mins.  Even though we are centrally located, the street is quiet, tree-lined and very conducive to getting a great night's sleep!The apartment is a large, comfortable 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment centrally located on Capitol Hill near downtown Seattle with one parking available. The space is a large, comfortable 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment one block from Pine St. centrally located in the heart of Capitol Hill.  All amenities including available parking…great location. If you have any questions feel free to contact us. Centrally located in Capitol Hill.  Walking distance to great local restaurants and bars. Walking distance to public transportation.This bedroom in a 3 bedroom apartment is located in the heart of Capitol Hill. Great for those who want to be right on the cusp of downtown for conferences, site-seeing, shopping, easy freeway access, but with more of a neighborhood feel. The apartment has an extremely cozy feel. Couches, a love sac, foosball table and a perfect view of the sunset makes you chill to the highest degree possible for city living. The room itself includes: - King Size Bed - Dresser - Closet - Desk - Nightstand - Blackout Shades Two awesome flat mates may be able to hang out and show you some sights. Additionally, you'll see them in the common spaces. They are funny and friendly. But if you prefer to keep to yourself, that's fine too! Capitol Hill is by far the most up and coming neighborhood in Seattle best known for its cafes, restaurants and nightlife. Next to numerous highly rated zagats restaurants such as Poppy, Alturra, Pagliacci, Single Shot, Mamnoon and Terra Plata. Unlike downtown Seattle, which dThe apartment is located in a charming 1907 building just blocks from Capitol Hill's main drag. It's colorful, cozy, filled with art and if you're looking to explore the Hill or downtown Seattle, the location cannot be beat. This two-bedroom apartment is in a charming 1907 building located right in the heart of Capitol Hill: Three blocks from Broadway's cafes, bars and boutiques, three blocks from the 48-acre Volunteer Park, and five blocks from Cal Anderson Park and the bustling art and nightlife of the Pike/Pine corridor. You can walk or bus almost anywhere from here. The residents of the building are professional artists and performers, many whom have called the neighborhood home for over a decade. The unit is light, cozy, and filled with art. In addition to the unit, guests will have access to the building washer and dryer, and a deck perfect for a glass of wine in the summer. This is a six unit building is home to professional artists and performers who are friendly and know the nSmall Private room for 1 person on the 2nd floor of our apartment. We are an apartment within a house on Capitol Hill. A pair of long term roommates excited to welcome the world to our home for short stays! Hello! Our house is a couple blocks off broadway in the northern section of the Capitol Hill neighborhood. The room is one of five bedrooms in our house. We have a cozy kitchen, bathroom and living room with lots of light! You can do laundry downstairs ($1 wash / $1 dry), and hang out in our lovely living room.  Our house is the tall, dark and handsome type, height / weight proportionate, with a red brick exterior (if you're into that sort of thing). Good to know we are an older home, not a hotel so the aesthetics come with the territory. We're two blocks from Broadway, with a stupid amount of cool shit and buses within walking distance. You can get to the Pike/Pine nightlife in a short 10-minute walk. Broadway has transformed from its grungy gutter-punk needles-and-heroin 90s rootsSpacious, newly remodeled 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment centrally located on Capitol Hill near downtown Seattle. All amenities including an updated kitchen and bathroom with available parking. Great Location! Spacious, newly remodeled, 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment one block from Pine St. centrally located in the heart of Capitol Hill.  All amenities including an updated kitchen and bathroom with available parking. If you have any questions feel free to contact us. Centrally located in Capitol Hill.  Walking distance to great local restaurants and bars. Walking distance to public transportation.Come stay at our beautiful 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of Capitol Hill!  Functional record player with an eclectic collection, wifi, and a gorgeous kitchen. Three blocks to Cal Anderson Park and great restaurants, bars and cafes nearby! Beautiful exposed brick 2 bedroom in the heart of Capitol Hill! Gorgeous large kitchen with French Press and coffee grinder, cuisinart and magic bullet, and anything you should need if you want a night cooking in. We use the second bedroom as an office but will set up an air mattress for you on request. Washer and dryer in the basement, wifi, and a beautiful living room you can feel at home in. We will be away, so guests will have access to the entire apartment. We will be very reachable by phone and text if anything comes up, but will not be present during your stay. Our apartment is walking distance to all the shops, bars and restaurants of Pike/Pine and 15th Ave, the gorgeous Volunteer Park, and 20/25 minute walk to Downtown/Pike Place Market.  Large corner unit studio, hardwood floors, lots of sunlight, full kitchen w/eating area, Wifi. Great central location off Broadway & East John - easy walk to Volunteer Park, 15th Ave, Melrose Market. Lake Union, Lake Washington & Madison Park nearby. Large open area with couch and bench for seating area. Wifi. Laundry in basement. 1 Queen Size bed and 1 Queen Size inflatable mattress available - space is best and most comfortable for 2 though :) Hall closet will be for your use with guest towels. Full use of kitchen, please leave everything washed and as you found it. :) I'll still be in Seattle and am more than happy to give tips on activities or restaurants when you arrive, or send questions ahead of time and I can send you ideas! Surrounded by parks, restaurants, stores, record shops and bars. Couldn't ask for a better location to spend a long weekend in Seattle! Hyper walkable, busable, bikeable - also incredibly easy to catch a cheap Lyft or Uber anywhere in the city. Feel free toFurnished, modern apartment in a new building in the heart of Capitol Hill's Pike/Pine corridor. Short walk to amazing restaurants, nightlife, stores, and parks. There are numerous pay parking lots in the neighborhood if you have a car. In addition, there are several free street parking options with a 72 hour limit. There are also several bus routes nearby. Like most building in Seattle, we do not have air conditioning. There are several fans available to use and with the shades down during the afternoon sun the space stays reasonable cool in the summer.Room with a Queen Bed, mini fridge, ironing board and 50 in tv, free wifi great for travelers coming to hang out in Seattle! IN the middle of all the bars and clubs and tourist activities. Near Century Link and Space Needle 2 bedroom secured artsy/lux condo, in the heart of Capital Hill, Seattle- 97 walkscore, 346 places to eat, 6 theaters, REI, Amazon, steps to convention center, Seattle Center, 121 Coffee shops, music scene,pet friendly, kid friendly and site seeing. Walk to any Seattle attraction in less than a half hour. Enjoy dinner right below our home in bars and cafes, as well as coffee shops. Internet and two big screen TVs in the home with cable. Eating nook large kitchen for cooking, large bathroom with shower and tub. Two bedrooms: one with bunk bed sleeps 3 and one with a queen bed sleeps two.You are renting the master suite for this listing Dear Guests, Welcome Dear Guests! I look forward to meeting each of you. My listings are for ADULTS ONLY over 18 years old: NO EXCEPTLocated in middle of Capitol Hill close to a ton of bars, restaurants, 10 minute walk to Downtown. I stay in the apartment and would love to show you around! I have a car too and love cooking. Have a futon and twin bed.Amazing location in Capitol Hill. Steps away from the best coffee in Seattle, great cafes, restaurants, and public transit/buses. Clean, modern, simple home cared with lots of love.  Enjoy a night in with huge TV and surround sound.  Work at home with fast wireless internet.  Quiet comfort.  Central. Modern space filled with books and natural light from floor to ceiling windows. Modern luxury in high ceilings and the fine marble countertops and bathroom. Bathroom has a deep tub for soothing baths and also a rain shower head for luxurious showers. Entertainment with Xbox DVD player is complete with surround sound speakers. Comes with access to lounge, roof top, in building. The lounge and roof top have a grill. Interact with guest via airbnb before, upon arrival, and upon check out. If I am in town I usually like to welcome guests in person. Available for any questions at all times. Neighborhood is perfect for fun and relaxation. You get the perfect mix of quiet but close enough to the Apartment is in the heart of Capitol Hill, within walking distance of everything! Located along the Pike/Pine Corridor surrounded by retail, restaurants, nightlife, and much more!Our three bedroom artist apartment welcomes you! We girls keep it cozy and quiet here, but love guests, be it human or dog. The sunny front bedroom is all yours along with everything Capitol Hill has to offer just a few minutes walk away. :) ***I will be out of the country from September 24th - October 25th! My lovely roommate Erin Pollock will be running the show and will be your main contact for questions*** The two young professional ladies (and our friend and awesome subletter Lionel!) who live here are pretty rad. We're incredibly laid back and interested people with various passions. We work in art and museums. We love dog sitting, movie nights and good music. This space has kind of soaked up a little of both of our personalities and we hope you'll feel at home in our home!  The bedroom you will be renting belongs to me, but I'm at my boyfriend's most of the time so we thought renting the space out would be a great way to save for our own travels. :) IMPORTANT DISCLAIMERS! PLEASEThis cute house is a 2 bedroom with living room sleeper sofa that can sleep up to 6 people. Easy walk to Dwtn, Seattle Center, Convention Center and all of amazing Capitol Hill restaurants / night life. Area is quiet but close to cafes and more! Hardwood floors, full size kitchen for entertaining. Living room also has a dinning room table. Bright and open space. Small front yard for bbq's etc and a small patio on rear. Both bedrooms are average size. One of the rooms has a real mattress, one room is a queen aerobed and the living room has a full size sleeper sofa You have full access to the space including kitchen, bedrooms living room etc. Laundry is in basement but could be negotiable for longer stays. I am local in Seattle and am always available if need be! N. Capitol hill is adorable. Very close to the family large house but still very dense and walkable to amazing bars and restaurants like the original I do have a dog so if you are allergic this may not work. But he wont be in thGreat in-city apartment - 15 minutes walk from downtown Seattle in the exciting, vibrant, Capitol Hill neighborhood. **** 1 mile from downtown Seattle **** Welcome to The Harrison Modern, we have wonderful apartments to offer in a quiet, well designed, super cool Mid-Century Modern, four unit building with each unit having it's own separate entrance. This lovely top floor apartment is bright and spacious, it can comfortably accommodate up to 5 people. Located in the heart of beautiful Capitol Hill, two blocks to the Broadway shopping area and an easy 15 minute walk to downtown Seattle. The location is perfect. After staying at many Vacation Rental Properties over the past 6 years I have compiled a few points that you will appreciate about your stay with us at the Harrison Modern. In addition to a stylish, super clean, well designed apartment in a GREAT location you will also find the following: • Free Wi-Fi • 42 inch HDTV with cable and DVD player... • CD player ipod dock and CD librarThis is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person, but the vast majority of couples who have stayed with us find the intimate space cozy. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You will also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day ofGreat Capitol Hill location.  Located on a quiet tree lined street, but just blocks away from night life, restaurants, parks, shopping and more! Guests have full access to apartment. Including wifi, Netflix, hulu plus, and Amazon prime video. For those who enjoy their privacy, Keys will be available for pickup without meeting. However, I am usually always available thru the Airbnb app, email, phone, or text. Capitol Hill is a great eclectic neighborhood filled with bars, restaurants, nightlife, parks, shopping and more! All within minutes of downtown!  15th ave and Broadway and the bustling pike/pine corridor are all just a couple blocks away. The apartment is located just 2 blocks away from the #8 bus which can take you downtown.  Other means of transportation include pronto bike share, uber, lyft, and car2goCapitol Hill's Io House is built, run and supported by Seattle tech and start up veterans as well as some newcomers. Its single focus is to create and provide a supportive environment for smart people working on interesting projects. Whether you're visiting Seattle for a Codefellows Bootcamp, interning at Amazon, launching a mobile app or doing world changing medical research we think we have created the perfect place to help you succeed. The house has all of the things that everyone needs to live, including a awesome kitchen packed to the brim with cooking supplies, fast internet and WiFi, washer and dryer, bikes for you to use, tons of work space, parking, an awesome back yard and an amazing location right smack in the middle of Capitol Hill.  But what really separates this place from any other great home is the people. You can expect to be surrounded by really smart people solving really big problems or working on something really fun. We have frequent demo nights and speakers. We hListing is for a large, airy, beautifully finished bedroom with access to two bathrooms in a charming vintage flat. Two aquatic turtles in a clean, odorless tank will be your roommates. Bedroom is just above street level for added security. Room is light and airy and there's a box fan which can be placed in the window for added cooling. As mentioned above, the two aquatic turtles live in a clean odorless tank near the window which I clean regularly. I will have to enter the room once every other day to feed them, unless you would prefer to sprinkle in some food pellets yourself. They have a waterfall-like filter that creates a small trickle of white-noise, so you should be comfortable with this sound if you choose to stay here. Unfortunately there is no closet or drawer space, but plenty of surface area on the dresser to spread out personal items. Mattress is extremely comfortable and brand new. Custom padded headboard is one of many unique touches to the bedroom You'll have full accesBeautiful 1 bedroom/1.5 bath modern townhouse apartment conveniently located in The heart of Capital. A short walk/bus hop away from downtown, Space Needle, Pike Place Market, and Capitol Hill. Immaculately kept! Fully furnished and great kitchenware for a comfortable stay!Our home is cozy and comfortable, with room to stretch out. The view is great, and one foot out the door puts you in the middle of all the culture, restaurants and nightlife of Capitol Hill.Delightful spacious entire apartment in the heart of Cap Hill. Walkable to all of Cap Hill, downtown, South Lake Union and Volunteer Park.  Multiple bus lines a block away. 1 block from Broadway & Olive and QFC. Check in at 3 pm, check out by noon. Unique Mid-Century Modern fun 2nd floor corner apartment over looking Harvard and Thomas. A little quirky, very open. I can meet to give you the keys. I'm available when needed. Cap Hill. Walk-able to everything. Vibrant. Grocery store (QFC) a block and a half away. Parking available. Buses to head all over town a block away on Olive and  on Broadway.Updated, corner-unit condo in the heart of Capitol Hill, on the 3rd floor with great views of Seattle. Off the street enough for quiet enjoyment, but one. Minutes to downtown and all public transportation. Reservation includes secured garage parking. Updated corner unit in a newly remodeled building with a rooftop deck for entertaining. Unit is very clean. Condo is 600 square feet, but the layout lends itself to entertaining and relaxing. Large bedroom with a comfortable bed and west-facing widows.  There is a separate dinning area that seats 6 comfortably. Living room has a couch and 50 inch television for relaxing with sound system great for listening to your favorite Pandora station. Guests will have access to a private garage parking space and the rooftop deck. Interaction with the host (me!) is open to whatever the guest requests. Guests will have full access to the unit during their stay, so interaction with the host can be non-existent. Host is very social is happy to suggest grCozy top floor studio centrally located - close to Convention Center & easy access to any part of town. Parking available, beyond the basics amenities - perfect for business, getting ready for an event or exploring the city. Easy 24hr check in. No cleaning fee & parking available for $10/night. This is a top floor corner unit in an old world charm building. Please note there is NO ELEVATOR. I have a fully stocked kitchen if you feel like making a meal. Bathroom has your basics such as body wash, shampoo & conditioner as well as a few extras like a flat iron, hair dryer, and some styling products. Forgot something? Toothbrush? Toothpaste? Dental floss? Q-tips? Razor? Don't worry I got you covered!  Please note that this is an older building with hardwood floors in the middle of the most lively neighborhood in town. If you need absolute silence to enjoy your stay this is not a good fit. There is always some level of noise depending on what time of the year or day of the week you come. WhThis turn of the century Craftsman has been loved and maintained by two local designers. It has the original hard wood floors, elegant trim and spacious ceilings. It is located in the heart of Capitol Hill, the most exciting neighborhood in Seattle. This Craftsman is one of the few left in our area and it is centrally located on a bustling corner of Capitol Hill! It's the perfect spot for privacy in the middle of a busy neighborhood filled with food, shops, coffee and all kinds of entertainment. The house itself has been on Airbnb since last April but each room is rented as its own unit. We realized that often times families and parties travel together so we decided to list the whole house as one unit that could also include kiddos (since there wouldn't be neighbor noise :)) The house is two stories. Total it has five bedrooms and three bathrooms. There are four bedrooms with two adjacent bathrooms upstairs and a private suite with a built in bathroom on the entrance level.  The kitcheA cozy Capitol Hill one bedroom close to downtown and South Lake Union. Nice open living room with leather couches for lounging. Private patio to enjoy the view. Super walkable to downtown, convention center, Amazon and lots of places to grab dinner and drinks. King bed. On-site laundry room, free parking if requested. I'll meet you to hand off keys and show you the spot. If you need me for anything I'm just right next door. Everything is walkable. Weather your here for a business trip, visiting family in the area or just on vacation. The downtown business district may take 15mins to walk to or a three minute Uber (which will show up in minutes), Freeway entrances are blocks away in case you need to drive out of the city. All the downtown tourist attractions and tons of bars, clubs and restaurants are all just a few minutes away. Ubers and Lifts are always hovering around the neighborhood and show up quick. The bus tunnel and light rail station from the airport is walkable or a five miLuxurious, spacious and completely remodeled apartment in the best location on Capitol Hill. This penthouse apartment is located just a few blocks from Seattle's famous Broadway Avenue. With a Walkscore of 98, you can't beat the location! The apartment was just completely renovated by award winning interior designer, Michelle Tomy of Belle Grey Design. Everything is spotless, brand new and done to a very high standard. The most comfortable linens and finishes make the apartment as luxurious as a 5 star hotel. 2 flat screen cable TV's, wifi, free long distance, a Wii game console, modern and brand new kitchen and bath.    The gourmet kitchen has Caesarstone countertops and stainless steel appliances.  Bathroom has Ann Sachs tiled floors and walk in shower.   This is a spacious, light filled, one bedroom apartment with a king bed and a queen sized sofa sleeper. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need for those days when you don't want to dine at any of the wonderful neighbOff street parking for 3 cars, indoor and outdoor space to entertain, all bedrooms on the top floor, baby gates if needed Check-in and then as needed The north end of Capitol Hill is quiet with some great neighborhood cafes and bars including Top Pot, Cafe Barjot, Summit Public House, The Lookout, and Single Shot. Easy to walk up to Broadway or down to South Lake Union. Lots of restaurants, cafes, bars, and shops within walking distance. Easy access to get on and off of I-5. Check-in and then as needed The north end of Capitol Hill is quiet with some great neighborhood cafes and bars including Top Pot, Cafe Barjot, Summit Public House, The Lookout, and Single Shot. Easy to walk up to Broadway or down to South Lake Union. Lots of restaurants, cafes, bars, and shops within walking distance. Easy access to get on and off of I-5.Newly remodeled apartment in the heart of trendy Capitol Hill! Near grocery stores, coffee shops, bars, shopping, restaurants, Broadway, major bus lines, Amazon, South lake union, Convention Center and a 15 minute walk to downtown! no smoking no parties clean and quiet Im totally hands on, love telling people where to go and see. I'm a Seattle native so just tell me what you need! Quiet neighborhood in Capitol hill! Blocks from 49 bus (University of WA, 15min) One block from 43 bus (Downtown, 10min) Im just a gay man living in seattle having a great time!Extremely clean and comfortable sleeping space.. The space offers Twin-Sized bunk beds that comes with a trendy and playful mattresses. We have a lovely home with 6 bedrooms please browse them all to see which one you like best for your needs. There are 2 bathrooms for guest use and a big full size kitchen and living room for everyone to enjoy.  We are in the epicenter of the hottest action in Seattle.... Capitol Hill.  There is plenty of privacy as well as comfort and offers easy access to  downtown, bus lines, and easy access to the most amazing nightlife in the city. What is included: - Ultra-fast high-speed wireless internet - Surprisingly abundant nearby parking (paid and temporary) - Super friendly and experienced hosts who love to have visitors - Steps away from the downtown core , cool music venues, restaurants and art galleries of  the most vibrant neighborhood in Seattle. - easy access to major highways and all major bus routes  - Gorgeous hardwood floors - Foosball table - GExtremely clean and comfortable sleeping space.. This room has A full sized bed AND a queen Sized bed. Luxury for 1 or 2 , Plenty of room for 3 or 4 people. It also has a flat screen mounted on the wall right in the room with a roku box. We have a lovely home with 6 bedrooms please browse them all to see which one you like best for your needs. There are 2 bathrooms for guest use and a big full size kitchen and living room for everyone to enjoy.  We are in the epicenter of the hottest action in Seattle.... Capitol Hill.  There is plenty of privacy as well as comfort and offers easy access to  downtown, bus lines, and easy access to the most amazing nightlife in the city. What is included: - Ultra-fast high-speed wireless internet - Surprisingly abundant nearby parking (paid and temporary) - Super friendly and experienced hosts who love to have visitors - Steps away from the downtown core , cool music venues, restaurants and art galleries of  the most vibrant neighborhood in Seattle. - eExtremely clean and comfortable bedroom with a shared bathroom in very well-constructed  building. This nature themed room offers a king-sized bed with perfect nature color accent of white , green and brown. The room is enticingly designed to give you a touch and graze of nature.    The wall color perfectly blends with the pretty tree pattern on the mattress. It also has two bed lamps to give you just enough light and create a more calm and relaxing atmosphere.  We have a lovely home with 6 bedrooms please browse them all to see which one you like best for your needs. There are 2 bathrooms for guest use and a big full size kitchen and living room for everyone to enjoy.  We are in the epi-center of the hottest action in Seattle.... Capitol Hill.  There is plenty of privacy as well as comfort and offers easy access to  downtown, bus lines, and easy access to the most amazing nightlife in the city. What is included: - ultra-fast high-speed wireless internet (the fastest we have access to)With a comfortable queen-sized bed plus a vanity top and sink conveniently located right inside the room. We have a lovely home with 6 bedrooms please browse them all to see which one you like best for your needs. There are 2 bathrooms for guest use and a big full size kitchen and living room for everyone to enjoy.  We are in the epicenter of the hottest action in Seattle.... Capitol Hill.  There is plenty of privacy as well as comfort and offers easy access to  downtown, bus lines, and easy access to the most amazing nightlife in the city. What is included: - Ultra-fast high-speed wireless internet - Surprisingly abundant nearby parking (paid and temporary) - Super friendly and experienced hosts who love to have visitors - Steps away from the downtown core , cool music venues, restaurants and art galleries of  the most vibrant neighborhood in Seattle. - easy access to major highways and all major bus routes  - Gorgeous hardwood floors - Foosball table - Great community space to work, Cozy ground-floor, Garden room w/ en-suite bath & access to relaxing rear yd. Key-coded entry for effortless check-in! Linens, soaps, breakfast, & WiFi. Location close to Amazon HQ. Short walk or bus to Pike Place, shops, downtown, hospitals & UW! ***Not Instant Book for host safety, but will respond w/in 1 to 10 hours, time-zone/sleep depending. No reservations will be accepted without a guest photo and phone number. Thank you! :) *** Private room with queen bed, ideal for two. Entry-level room with private, en-suite bath. Door in room offers dedicated access to relaxing back yard with 4 Adirondack chairs and outdoor table.  - Linens & shampoo/conditioner provided. - WiFi - Complimentary coffee, tea, juices, and breakfast items in the communal kitchen. - Hair dryer in the bathroom. - Steamer and ironing board in the entry-floor closet. - Secure, keyed rooms to ensure privacy & safety. - The host is happy to accommodate unique requests for special occasions. - On-street parking is avaiA small, private bedroom with access to living room, kitchen & bath in centrally located part of Seattle's hip Capitol Hill neighborhood. The apartment has 1 cat, so if you're allergic, this may not be the best option & access to washer/dryer, wireless internet & cable television (in living room). We have free parking, a washer/dryer, air conditioner, cable  HD TV & access to 4 bus lines, being 1 block off Broadway E. & 1 block off E. Olive Way/E. John Street Washer/dryer, air conditioner in living room, kitchen, endless neighborhood attractions, free parking on premises, a cute and chill cat, clean, cheap & relaxed living situation. Interaction with guests is easy and breezy.  If they want to sit and chat & have a beer, that works, but if they want to come and go as they please, I am cool with that, too. We have access to a large grocery store, any kind of cuisine you could desire, delicious coffee and easy public transit all within blocks of the apartment. I am a great concierge, as Beautiful townhouse located in heart of Capitol Hill. Two bedrooms with queen size beds.  Master bedroom has Jacuzzi tub.  2 blocks E of Broadway. 10 min walk to the nightlife. 25 min walk to the Market. Garage parking and Washer/Dryer available. Over 20 five GOLD STAR reviews for private (individual) room.  Now reserve the entire home. Access to the entire home. We are available by phone and email for any questions you have. Best neighborhood in Seattle - the location and unique character defines it. Easy access to Amazon and Microsoft (if you are coming for work). Walkable to almost everything. Bus lines to almost everywhere within 2 blocks.  Cap Hill Light Rail station open early 2016 (very soon) - only 3 blocks. Uber, Lyft, and taxis plentiful on Capitol Hill. If you have a party of 5, there is a comfortable couch in the living room which has an extra set of bedding located in the Master Bedroom closet (top shelf) Master bedroom has Jacuzzi tub and a separate shower. Iron (under siSpacious 500 square foot studio with plush foam king-sized bed, kitchen, and other great amenities. Located in the heart of Seattle, this apartment is walking distance from Pike Place Market, restaurants, nightlife, and coffee shops. This 500 square foot studio apartment is the perfect home away from home in the heart of Seattle. Minutes away from the convention center, Space Needle, downtown Seattle, University of Washington and Seattle Pacific University, this place is perfectly centered and also within walking distance to some of the best bars and restaurants within Seattle.  From this fantastic central location, some of Seattle's best areas are just a short walk or drive away. Pike Place Market is 15 minutes away on foot or by bus, or just 5 minutes by car or cab. In the same waterfront area are the Seattle Great Wheel and the Seattle Art Museum. There are plenty of bus stations within easy walking distance of the apartment that can take you practically anywhere in the city. The neConveniently located in the heart of Capitol Hill, steps from restaurants, coffee shops, and a 15 min walk to downtown and the light rail to/from airport. Apt is cute and clean with a nice view of the Space Needle. Access to private bedroom, shared bath, kitchen, and living space. Great view of downtown Perfect for travelers without a car Walking distance to shops, restaurants, South Lake Union, Volunteer Park, Space Needle and downtown private bedroom with a shared living space, bathroom, kitchen and dining area towels, bedding, tp and kitchen utensils provided off limits is my bedroom, my food, my toiletries I will be home during all dates listed as available. I work full time so I will be home in evenings. I am available to answer any questions about the area.  Capitol Hill is a fun, vibrant community with lots of cultural activities. Some of my favorite restaurants are only a short walk away. Downtown is right down the street and this area is a great place to walk and has great pubEnjoy a small getaway with views of the Sound, the Olympics Mountains, and access to all the bars, restaurants and night spots Capitol Hill and Seattle have to offer!A spacious, well-designed apartment in a historic building in the heart of Capitol Hill. This space is newly-hosted as of September 2015, so please take advantage of the low price while I accumulate some reviews! Gorgeous apartment on a quiet street in the heart of Capitol Hill. This apartment is spacious (around 800 square feet) and is full of great mid-century furniture and artwork. The apartment is in a historic building and accessed through a cute courtyard -- a really unique Seattle gem. A fully-equipped kitchen and dining room make this a great place eat in if you need a break from Capitol Hill's lively restaurant scene. 2 minute walk to the bus stop with direct bus lines downtown, and to Seattle Center (the Space Needle!).Spacious  3-story townhouse with rooftop deck in an amazing location, close to everything- 5-10 min bus ride to South Lake Union, Capitol Hill, or downtown Seattle.  House is new construction with luxurious finishes and amenities. First floor includes full bathroom, with tub and shower, bedroom with queen bed, and second bedroom with pullout couch and a desk (should you like to work!).  Second floor includes gourmet kitchen, living room with Sonos sound system, deck, and powder room.  Rooftop includes a second Sonos sound system, Weber BBQ, lots of seating, and one of the best views in Seattle. Guests will have access to bedrooms and bathroom downstairs, living room, kitchen, powder room, washer, dryer and rooftop deck, complete with Space Needle view, sound system, and Weber BBQ. Lots of great bars, cafe's, and restaurants around Eastlake.  Also great bus service to downtown, SLU, or Capitol Hill - on a nice day you can walk!   Awesome spot for a run around Lake Union. The #25, #60, #Ideal downtown location- Condo features two bedrooms, one with a queen-size bed and the other with two twins that can be made into a king.  Furnished with style and comfort in mind. Parking in building is available. DSL Internet. This condo features two bedrooms, one with a queen-size bed and the other with two twins that can be made into a king. Fully equipped kitchen and all linens are included. Parking is available for an additional fee. DSL Internet connection provided in unit. On the fourteenth floor of a 1949 high-rise building with concierge. Building also features a recreation room with pool table and big screen TV, and a rooftop deck with amazing views.  One complimentary parking spot comes with the rental, which is located in the building's secure parking garage. PLEASE NOTE: Our Elektra Condos require personal check in service.  Check ins prior to 10pm are complimentary.  Late check ins can be arranged for a fee of $30.   Upon booking, to complete your rental profile we willGreat 1 bedroom apartment with an ample balcony that you can see the Space Needle from. Full kitchen, bathroom and very walkable to everything. Internet and office area available. Located very close to downtown, the Pike/Pine corridor and Broadway. Perfect summer space in Capitol Hill. TV and electronic drumset available. The sunset is one of my favorite things about this space. Washer and Dryer in the building. I will be available by email and phone if needed! Very convenient to get to downtown, but why would you need to go! 10 minute walk, or the 11, 10, 43, or 49 are all very close by. Parking is a half block away and around $15 a day.Looking for a clean, quiet, and comfortable place to stay and be close to everything? My house is it! Centrally located & tucked away in a quiet corner of Capitol Hill. Easy to get around by foot or by bus. 2 bedrooms for 5 ppl, and futons for 3 more My house is a 3-storey townhome with two bedrooms and 2 1/2 baths. There are two bedrooms on the top level. Master bedroom has an en-suite bathroom with a full shower, plus a separate soaking tub that is perfect for a nice warm bath at the end of the day. Check out the pics! This room has one queen-sized bed for two persons and one single bed for the third person. The second bedroom also has one queen-sized bed, with a full bath with shower and tub.  2nd floor has a spacious kitchen with modern appliances - oven, stove, microwave, fridge, and dishwasher. You're more than welcome to cook your own meal but please keep it clean. The dining and living areas are separated by a fireplace in the middle. The living area has a futon couch, a daybedComfortable townhouse on Capitol Hill. Located just 2  blocks from major bus lines and 3 blocks to grocery stores, local bars, restaurants and clubs. Less than 2 miles to downtown core and attractions. Free secured parking available.    This 1 bedroom townhome is ideally located at the heart of Capitol Hill. A short walk takes you to major bus lines that will get you around town, or you can choose to explore the neighborhood with bars, restaurants and concert venues only three blocks away. A comfortable living room, television with cable, a small balcony, fully functional kitchen and 1/2 bath downstairs, and a full bed, dresser, television w/ Chromecast, desk, closet, sitting area and full bath upstairs. Guests will have access to all of the common spaces. I will be locking up my own bedroom and vacating the premises while you are my guest. We will likely only see each other at check in when I hand off the keys. If you have any questions during your stay I am available through the airbThis is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person, but the vast majority of couples who have stayed with us find the intimate space cozy. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day of yourWelcome to your perfect Seattle home-away-from home, perfect for a quick getaway or a longer stay! Located in a stunning and exquisitely maintained turn-of-the-century building just one block off of the endless shops, restaurants, nightlife, and coffee shops on Broadway, in the heart of Capitol Hill. Be in the center of everything that's fabulous about Seattle, while still enjoying the quiet tree-lined serenity of our lovely block, in a place that has charm in spades. Our hip, cozy, clean, quiet, and charming apartment features hardwood floors, beautiful high beamed ceilings, gorgeous antique woodworking, HUGE clawfoot tub, walls of large windows with tons of light, deluxe organic latex queen sized bed... the works. It's a real showstopper, people usually gasp when they walk in!  Our place offers a full kitchen with fridge, gas stove, toaster, blender, and juicer. There is a large living room with a cute dining nook, all furnished in stylish vintage and mid-century furniture. You'll slEnjoy your annual L-tryptophan snooze in this quiet yet ultra central luxury home on Capital Hill. This 2800 sq/ft 3 bedroom 2 bath house is too big for just me.  Being a business traveler myself, I know how much nicer it would be to have a beautiful home to stay in rather than a hotel.  I've decided to open up one of my rooms for just that reason.   The house is perfect for work travelers who come to Seattle, (South Lake Union) regularly.   It's a beautiful house with all the amenities that you work as hard as you do in order to have in your own home.  You deserve to enjoy that same thing while you're away.  Don't you think? I've equipped the house with brand new mobile app controls.  So, in a way, you already have all the hardware you need to enter the property.   When you reserve with me, I will point you to the app you need to download.  Then I will show you how to create your login to the app.  From there, I will provision proprietary credentials that are created for your use onlyComfortable second-floor bedroom in a lovely northern Capitol Hill home.  Located on a quiet, residential street just blocks away from coffee shops, dining, nightlife and transit. Walking distance to South Lake Union, easy access to downtown. This room has has south-facing windows, a full bed, closet, drawers for clothes, and reading corner. Decorated with items collected from our travels, it is cosy and eclectic and the windows have a peaceful view of a neighboring wooded garden area (lending the name).  The shared bathroom is just outside your door. Our home was built in 1906 and has a wonderfully large, shaded porch and a spacious communal living space with a recently renovated kitchen.  An unpretentious retreat in a busy Seattle neighborhood. Keypad entrance for easy access, and the bedrooms and bathroom are up the stairs just by the front door.  An additional shared bathroom is located downstairs.  Free Wifi.  Guests are welcome to use the kitchen for cooking (no meat, please, thoOne bedroom one bathroom updated Lake Union view condo in Capitol hill. Updated unit includes all stainless steel appliances, granite counters, heated travetine floors in bathroom. Maple hardwoods, washer/dryer, Internet, television, and more. I have a cat and I usually leave her she keeps to herself and no other guests have ever complained. Capitol Hill is the best in the city.  You are walking distance to bars, restaurants and shopping. Uber, Lyft and the bus.... and your 2 feet:)Super comfy, folds flat, real mattress in a large, sunny room with interesting international decor. Perfectly located in Capitol Hill with easy access to other parts of the city. Linens included.I JUST LOVE this neighborhood! Cap Hill is full of life and there's always something to do. If you enjoy music i've left my guitar and vinyl record player for all to enjoy. I always have fresh flowers, and plenty of cute little air plants. You'll find this space to be pleasant. It's fresh and clean. There's a lovely array of musical and nature notes throughout the home. I have the fridge stocked full of free goodies, and only the best toiletries for my guest. There's also roof access with a grill. Whip up some steaks in the kitchen ( located downstairs not in unit) and head to the roof where you can hang out and enjoy the skyline day or night! You will have access to the entire studio, kitchen (downstairs) roof (upstairs) and laundry (downstairs)  I will be close and can help you with your needs. I'll help you get all settled in. I'll provide my cell number so that you can contact me with any questions. Located in Capital Hill this studio is full of life! Just a short walk from all theThis centrally located space is in the heart of Capitol Hill. The building is filled with character and charm. You'll find cafe's, restaurants, bars, and much more just a stone's throw away. Close to bus lines too! In our cozy home you will enjoy being in the middle of all that Capitol Hill has to offer. The building was built in the 1920's and has plenty of charm. We are also right above a used book store with lots of cats! Wi-Fi We will be out of town during your stay but we will be accessible by phone and our friend is just down the street if you have anything urgent that needs tending to. Anything you need is at your fingertips and just a hop, skip and a step away!  restaurants, grocery stores, parks, pharmacies, coffee shops, shopping, galleries, music venues, bars, night life, book stores, music stores, and so much more. Our home is in the middle of 8 routes easily accessible by walking.  If you're coming from the airport and don't want to pay about $50 bucks for a cab the whole One-bedroom apt in the heart of Capitol Hill. Hardwood floors, fully-equipped kitchen, and lots of natural light. Footsteps from Capitol Hill's restaurants, bars, coffee shops, shopping, and public parks. 20min walk to downtown Seattle. South-facing corner unit in the heart of Capitol Hill. All hardwood floors, great kitchen, clean and bright. Immediate access to everything Capitol Hill has to offer. Full kitchen, 46-inch TV with cable and DVD player, wifi, amazing walkable neighborhood (within four blocks of coffee shops, restaurants, boutiques, parks, Sunday market), 20min walk to Pike Place Market and downtown Seattle, coin-operated washer/dryer in basement of building; large laundromat directly across the street. Lovely shared backyard for relaxing in the summer. I'm a friendly, helpful host, but I prefer to allow guests to have the space entirely to themselves. Happy to answer questions and make recommendations, but you likely won't see me during your visit. Best neighborhood in SMy house is located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood close to downtown. The house has a beautiful view of lake Union from the living room. Your bed and bath rooms are located on the first floor, so you can enjoy ultimate privacy. I have no pet. Beautiful view of lake union. Close to downtown. Close to Broadway with many fine restaurants and vibrant night clubs. You will have total access to your private bedroom and bathroom on the first floor.  You can also use the living room and kitchen on the second floor, but no cooking please (light cooking is OK). Please feel free to use the fridge in the kitchen. The master bedroom on the third floor is for our use only. If you have a car, there's plenty of (free) street parking spots in front of my house. Feel free to ask me any question during your stay. I have a printer that you can use to print your boarding pass/ticket or anything. This neighborhood is famous for its restaurants, shops and night clubs. It's close to downtown and the South LA cozy working artist's apartment in one of Seattle's hippest neighborhoods.  Walk or bus to great eateries, bars, downtown/pike place.  A gateway to the true Seattle experience of culture, art, food, accessibility and nearby coffee shops with wi-fi! This is a unique glimpse of the true Seattle working artist space-- caution, there are paintings everywhere!  I have chosen to offer up my bedroom for those traveling through and experience a little bit of Seattle.  I will be sleeping at the home of my S/O during your stay, so you have plenty of privacy. Welcome! Mi casa es su casa-- feel free to use the shower/bath, kitchen for cooking, and fridge for keeping perishables.  I unfortunately DO NOT have wireless internet access and no parking--it's a free for all on the streets, but there is no time limit.   We can interact as little or as much as we see fit.  I'd be more than happy to give recommendations about the city over a nice cocktail or glass of wine. I tend to be busy, in and out a We call it "The Oasis" because its the last house on the block. You can not rent a full house and get closer to. - The Space Needle - Pike Place Market - Capitol Hill Pike/Pine Corridor of Bars and Restaurants - The Convention Center - The Universities and Colleges - Downtown Shopping You can walk to all of these amazing places in Seattle for your spacious, Craftsman-style house. We are in the epicenter of the hottest action in Seattle.... Capitol Hill.  There is plenty of privacy as well as comfort and offers easy access to  downtown, bus lines, and easy access to the most amazing nightlife in the city. What is included: - Ultra-fast high-speed wireless internet   - Super friendly and experienced hosts  - Steps away from the downtown core , cool music venues, restaurants and art galleries of  the most vibrant neighborhood in Seattle. - easy access to major highways and all major bus routes  - Gorgeous hardwood floors - All Cedar Hot Tub - Great community space to work, play, cook, or Beautiful spacious room in an old Craftsman preserved by a carpenter and an artist in the heart of Seattle's hip neighborhood. Perfect for independent adventurers whom love to eat, drink and explore cities by foot! Denny View is welcoming and bright with its large south facing window (with a peekaboo view of downtown and the Japanese Maple) and large comfortable queen size bed. The room is upstairs in an open hallway with three other rooms and two shared bathrooms. All the rooms are rented out via Airbnb (each room has a key lock) and share the common space such as the breakfast room, the kitchen, the bathrooms and the yard. Think charismatic and clean house maintained by a carpenter and artist in a prime location shared with independent and easy going travelers. We have been sharing our house with adventurers for over a year now and feel like (with the help from feedback of guests) that we have a pretty good system down. For your convenience we like to provide things that are a pain tQuiet, bright and clean space in a creative community. Walk to bars, restaurants, parks, downtown. Ideal location to see this beautiful city. This apartment is quiet and peaceful in a building with lovely, creative people. With the exception of a closet, you are free to roam I will help with whatever you might need. I will be out of town, but can make things happen pretty easily. • Less than a mile to Pike/Pine area with tons of clubs, restaurants and bars.  • 3 blocks to Volunteer Park – city views, conservatory, tennis courts, huge lawns, Asian Art Museum • 1.5 miles to the middle of downtown shopping area • Lots of close shops, groceries, bars and restaurants. • Street parking with provided permit for 1 vehicle • Bike rental rack is a block east  • Buses are close and provide easy access to the city • Short cab ride to light rail that goes to/from airport I have a dog, so if you have an allergy this might not be the best place for you. Sorry!Comfortable studio perfect for two. This 90-year-old apartment includes full kitchen, living room and full bathroom. Just two blocks from a QFC. Steps from restaurants, bars and shops. Just over a mile from the waterfront and the famous Pike Place Market! Advertised as a studio but I managed to put the bed in the oversized closet comfortably. Hardwood floors throughout the living space. Tile in the kitchen. Wireless internet. Full kitchen to use as you wish. As little as possible. I'll be happy to answer any questions during your stay. Very close to great restaurants and fun nightlife. One block away from Cal Anderson park where there is a full basketball court and soccer field. Bus stops to get downtown and to the University of Washington campus are just steps from the front door. If you don't mind walking it only takes 30 minutes to walk to Pike Place Market.Centrally located in Capitol Hill near tons of dining and nightlife options. Corner unit, top floor, modern amenities, floor-to-ceiling windows with panoramic views of Space Needle and Mt Rainier, in-unit washer/dryer and rooftop access. 2 bedrooms, one of which has a walk-in closet and vaulted ceilings. Both bedrooms have high-quality queen-size mattresses. The apartment is extremely comfortable. We also have a comfortable air mattress available and can host up to 6. Lastly, there is a rowing machine (Concept 2), pull up bar, yoga mats, and a stationary bike.  The apartment is in an amazing location in the heart of the Pike/Pine corridor in Capitol Hill! Two-minute walk to Cal Anderson Park, weekend farmer's market, Molly Moon's ice cream, Neumos, good brunch and much, much more! Public transportation easily accessible. Includes: - Full kitchen (fridge, dishwasher, oven, stove-top, microwave, toaster, coffeemaker) - Xbox One  - 2 full bathrooms (shower/tubs) - Living area (54-inch flaOld world charm built in 1926. One of the oldest buildings in the neighbourhood. Very clean and well maintained. Located on a unique corner in North Capitol Hill near local bars, restaurants and views of downtown and Lake Union. Includes fast WIFI. A large 1BR with a Queen bed. Studio room, fold-down futon in the living room for another guest, comfortable seating, expansive kitchen including everything you need to cook and a well stocked bathroom.  Includes fast WIFI and XBOX 360 with games and dvds on a 42" flatscreen. Enjoy! The nicer, quieter side of Capitol Hill while still being close to all the sights, bars and restaurants. A 5 minute walk away from Broadway and about a 15min walk to downtown. Very close to South Lake Union. Walk down the block to see a view of the city and Lake Union or walk around Volunteer Park. There are some great bars and restaurants around. I included a useful information book highlighting all of the best local spots and transportation. Right next to the dAbout Io House: This listing is for the top bunk, in a two person bunk room. This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for a bunk bed (Upper bunk 2) in a shared room with three other people.  Common area in the IO House includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. In the Annex (this listing), there is a large Our 1 bedroom apartment is located in a beautiful, quiet spot just 2 blocks from Broadway in an extremely walkable area. Just 10 mins to the nightlife area of Capitol Hill and 15 mins to downtown. Sunny, green and leafy with exposed brick fireplace.  Located on the first floor of one of the few remaining houses in our beautiful neighborhood, our 1 bedroom apartment is spacious, comfortable and sunny. The street is quiet, calm and ideally located for exploring Seattle. Just two blocks from Broadway, a 10 minute walk to the busy nightlife area of Capitol Hill (Pike/Pine), a 15 minute walk to downtown Seattle and only a 2 minute walk to the nearest grocery store! This area is extremely walkable, and has many coffee shops, boutiques, bookstores, restaurants, bars, parks, and viewpoints just minutes away by foot. Capitol Hill has everything, just ask for recommendations! The bedroom has a double size bed that comfortably sleeps two, while a 3rd guest could stretch out on the comfy couch in I love this location! I am within walking distance to downtown and pike place market. I am across the street from a great sushi restaurant and surrounded by several great coffee shops. There are many other great restaurants and bars steps away! It's small and quaint, perfect for a couple or an individual. Lots of cooking appliances and utensils, no tv, I prefer to read. Fans to stay cool. A comfortable bed that offers a heavenly nights sleep. Capitol Hill is very fun and lively. There is always something going on whether it be live music, a block party, or a parade. There is a lot of good food and a lot to explore. I am two blocks from freeway access and 15 minutes walk from downtown. You will want to use Lyft or Uber to get anywhere you can't walk or bus to. There are 3 buses within 2 blocks. I love my apartment and treasure this space. I appreciate if you would treat it with respect as well :)Newly listed Capitol Hill location with charm and antique decor featuring chandeliers and unique taxidermy. Seconds from shops, restaurants, drinks, and coffee. A one-of-a-kind experience in a fabulous and unique apartment. If you love interior design and entertaining, stay here. Thoughtfully designed and well traveled charm featuring original hardwood floors, high ceilings, and custom furnishings including an extra large couch for entertaining. This is an ideal location for couples, friends, families, and tourists. The apartment has built-in open shelving which combines the living and sleeping area yet feels like two perfect spaces in one. Top floor, corner unit located a block from the Pike/Pine Corridor and two blocks from Broadway. Guests can enjoy walking downtown along Pine St right down to Pike's Market! Take a curious stroll around Seattle and experience our fantastic dining and drinking options. This apartment is as close as it gets to amazing retailers, dining out, dancing, aCozy one-bedroom with wood floors and a porch, plus a washer/dryer, dishwasher, garbage disposal, gas grill, fireplace, king-size bed and black-granite countertops. Street parking. Third floor of safe building off bustling Broadway. Casual yet refined space with wood floors and black granite countertops. Large living room with a fireplace, and flat-screen TV with Apple TV, plus a scenic porch with views of downtown and the Space Needle. Spacious bathroom with shower/tub. Modest kitchen includes a dishwasher, deep sink and garbage disposal. There's an in-unit washer/dryer and King-size bed. You have access to the entire one-bedroom apartment, minus our closet. We are honeymooning in Europe and this is our first time posting on Airbnb. Friends will watch over the place for us. This is our full-time home, which we rent, so we are looking for a couple who will take care and be respectful of our place while they enjoy their time here. In the center of Capitol Hill, Seattle's most vibrant arOn the north end of Capital Hill, this 1-bed apartment with private deck is nestled in the trees on the hill overlooking Lake Union.  Vintage styling with all modern amenities, and a huge clawfoot tub to relax after a fun night on the town.   Built in 1909, this one-bedroom house boasts free parking, a private deck, and lots of modern amenities with loads of vintage charm.  Located on the north end of Beacon Hill, on the wooded hill overlooking Lake Union, we are approximately one mile from the shops and restaurants that make this neighborhood so attractive.  This is private apartment. You will have the entire space to yourself and your guest(s). There is a full kitchen, living room, bedroom, and full bath. There is a comfortable full size mattress fitted for two people.  The building is a former house that was converted into completely separate apartments, and is located on the second floor. With the house being on the hill, there is a total of forty-two steps to walk up to get to theLocated in one of the west coasts best neighborhoods, Capitol (website hidden) and restaurants galore. Downtown Seattle 2 blocks away. Newer building with rooftop deck.-Located in a historical building -Wood floor/exposed brick -Clawfoot tub -futon couch -Walking distance to numerous bars/restaurants/grocery/entertainment venues -Walk, cab or bus space needle -Coin operated washer and dryer in building The apartment is located in the heart of Capitol Hill in a quiet part of the neighborhood with non-street facing windows (great for when you want to call it a night but the streets are still very much alive!) The space is warm with character and old world charm! Hardwood flooring is located throughout and is complimented with high ceilings and exposed brick. The bathroom offers a claw foot tub great for relaxing after exploring the hills of Seattle!       When you're not enjoying the cozy space you have so much to explore in the surrounding areas! Amazing dining that is sure to cure any craving and bars for any personality are literally around the corner.  It's a short and scenic walk to Pikes Market, Volunteer Park, and  The Space Needle!( if walking Amazing 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom Apartment on Capitol Hill  1300 Square Feet New apartment complex with lots of amenities. Right on Broadway with endless restaurants, lively nightlife, and great public transportation. Two large bedrooms and bathroom 2 huge bedrooms Both bedrooms have queen size beds with lots of rooms space. Floor to ceiling windows with a view to Broadway and many areas of the city. Large L shaped couch in the living room would could be used as a bed also. -Full kitchen (Fridge, Dishwasher, Oven, Stove-top, Microwave, Toaster, George Foreman) -2 Full Bathrooms (Shower + Tub) - Highest speed internet with cable (includes HBO,Showtime, premium channels and on demand) -Rooftop lounge area with a breath taking view of most of the city (2 BBQs, tables, sun-chairs) -Workout facilities (Yoga Room and Weight/Cardio room) -Apartment Common Room (Plasma TV, Lounge area, Dining room, Kitchen) Happy to help you with any recommendations/suggestions of places to eat and go out in the Our loft is a 1 bedroom with a large, open living area. The pictures show what a great and unique space it is, especially the private deck. Perfect base for Capitol Hill Block Party! (significant noise until 2am!). This might be the most unique space available in Seattle. None of the local listings can compare, because they are all apartment/condo buildings where you have neighbors to account for... this is a freestanding loft above ground-level art gallery/bar. Ascending our private stairwell brings you to a place where no neighbors will interfere with your enjoyment of the space. The loft is 1250 square feet, plus a private rooftop deck. It sits smack-dab in the middle of Capitol Hill's nightlife, with 2 bars downstairs. A beautiful mural leads you up from street level to the loft. This is our home, it is only available when we'll be out of town (our trusted friend will take care of any issues during your stay). There is no parking included, and street parking has multiple restrictioVery close to Seattle downtown walking distance to QFC, coffee shop and BarsThis clean and cozy studio is located in the heart of trendy Capitol Hill. Walk score of 95. Walking distance to QFC (grocery store), 7 local coffee shops, bars, and restaurants. Across the street from the 8 and 43 bus, or a quick Uber pickup! Some great places to check out nearby:  Restaurants - Kedai Mekhan (Malaysian) - The Saint (Mexican) - Mamnoon (Middle Eastern) - The Melrose Market  - Taylor Shellfish Farms - Single Shot (American)  Bars - The Stumbling Monk - Witness - Knee High Stocking Co - Montana - The Pine Box - Coretta's - Captain Blacks (patio bar and occasional DJ) - Julia's  ... and many more Entertainment - Walk to Elliot Bay Books about 10 min away - Downtown Seattle is a 25 min walk or take the 43 bus  - Neumos (music venue) is about 10 min away There is a shared laundry unit in the basement ($2/wash, $2/dry). I can also leave you a bus pass that lets you ride free in the city.Historic, cozy ground floor studio in Capitol Hill at Broadway and Thomas. Walking distance to Downtown, Cal Anderson Park, bars/restaurants on Pike/Pine corridor. Amazing views from one of a kind roofdeck. Easy access to all parts of Seattle. Amazing roof deck and vibrant location, brand new queen size bed (after a complaint), small studio with desk, big screen t.v., dvd, turntable, small kitchen and small bath. Toilet is problematic at times sorry...building was built in 1910. The heart of Capitol Hill, close to Olive and Pike/Pine As often as needed Most urban dense hood with quirks and artistry in Seattle Plenty of bus options and walking distance to many desirable locations, Pronto bike share a block away. What's more Seattle than one of the oldest and best espresso stands, a thrift store and record store all in the building???Located in the heart of the Capitol Hill just a few blocks from the city's famous Broadway Avenue, this LUXURIOUS one bedroom is the perfect Seattle rental for guests visiting for work or vacation. This one bedroom, immaculate and modern apartment was completely renovated to a high standard by an award winning interior designer.  Everything is new and very nice!  The bedroom boasts a king sized bed with high quality Egyptian cotton sheets.  The light filled, open plan living room has a queen sized sofa sleeper and upgraded mattress (both the sofa and the sleeper are very comfortable!)  The kitchen has stainless steel appliances, Caesar stone counter tops and a dining table that seats up to six people.  High speed wifi, flat screen cable TV, a Wii game system and free domestic long distance.   The location could not be better with a walk score of 98 and a transit score of 99. The apartment is only a few blocks WEST of trendy Broadway Avenue with dozens of restaurants, cafes and shops.  Old world charm meets modern elegance. Welcome to our classic, 2 bedroom/1 bath condo situated in a newly renovated, 100 year old Victorian house.A spacious and charming 1 bedroom located in the heart of Capitol Hill, 1 block from bustling Broadway and under 10 minutes away from the best of Seattle's bar and restaurant scene. Enjoy a quiet space to escape to with all the comfort of home. This beautiful tudor-style building is one-of-a-kind in Seattle. Built in the early 20th century, the charm of this building is known in the neighborhood. Spacious 1 bedroom apartment comfortably fits 1 or 2 (a couple). Guests will have access to the common courtyard space, private access to the apartment which includes washer/dryer. Very little! I travel often for work so will leave keys in a convenient location for pick-up. Capitol hill is a vibrant neighborhood right in downtown Seattle. It is walking distance from hundreds of restaurants, coffee shops and an independent movie theater. The neighborhood is known for the young, artistic and creative people that inhabit this part of town.  There are a few great local parks for relaxing, running Location is perfect for exploring Seattle - on foot, bus, bike or car. Laundry on same floor Brief key exchange and I'll be out of your hair  and leave you to your trip! If more info or advice is needed, I'm approachable and responsive. I'm happy to talk about my lovely city.This apartment is in a quaint area of capital hill, 3 blocks walk from Broadway, with amazing coffee shops, grocery store and nightlife...View of space needle, tons of natural light! If you are looking for a great walk-able location-this may be home!This is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You will also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day of your arrival you'll be sent the access codes to the building and your studio unit, aloThe Diamond Suite at the 11th Avenue Inn Bed and Breakfast.On the most centric location of trendy Capitol Hill, a luxurious specious apartment is available for rent. Surrounded by small coffee shops, bars and restaurants, the building offers upscale gym, movie theater, sky-lounge and roof top deck. Specifications: - 5 minutes from downtown on a bus. bus Stop is next to the building.  - Full Bedroom with a deck porch turns to the rear quiet green side of the neighborhood - Gym in the building - Wi-Fi Interenet - Central Heating - Air Conditioning - Dinning table - Kitchen bar chairs and dining bar - Double Bed - Nespresso Coffee Machine - Fridge - Oven - Microwave - Laundry and dryer machines My roommate and I share a two bedroom place between Pike and Pine on Summit. We're four blocks from Broadway, all the bars, and the nightlife of the Hill, but on a relatively very quiet street. Downtown is four blocks in the other direction. There might not be a more central, "walkable" place in the city of Seattle for visitors. You've got your own room with a full sized bed, and access to the whole apartment (besides the other bedroom, which we will use). Everything but the second bedroom. Our apartment is your apartment. Living room, bedroom, kitchen, and bathroom -- all you. I used to be a tour guide in Pike Place Market and I've lived in the city for three years (in the area my whole life), so if you need recommendations for things to do and see while you're here, I'm your guy. If you want to be left alone, totally cool also. Capitol Hill is where you want to be when you visit Seattle. Food, bars, entertainment, short walk from everything. Walkscore of 97. Busses pick up one block Open livingroom/dining room and kitchen. 2 Blocks from Broadway with a walkscore of 98 of 100 (info about walkscore in on the internet). Potentially Bad News – for expectation setting: 1. There's not much of a view – it's a canopy of trees in the summer or a bunch of sticks in the winter…which means the house in the summer is quite cool compared to others…more on this in “the Really Awesome" section below. 2. It will feel like you're living in someone's house and they stashed a lot of things out of the way, ie this is not a full time AirBNB…but you're welcome to use anything that's available – take a Frisbee to the park, chairs to the park, use my mountain bike - I'll leave the combo to the lock, and various kitchen condiments – hot sauce, olive oil, etc. 3. No TV  The Really Awesome  1) Location – Capitol Hill, walkscore of 98 out of 100 2) Naturally cooler in the summer – Many places in Seattle do not have air conditioning, mine included.  The temp is still quite delightful on warmerAbout Io House: This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for an extra-long twin bed in a shared room with one other person.  Common area includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. We provide: - High speed Internet - Laundry on-site (detergent provided) - Full kitchen with dishwasher - A back yard with picniSurrounded by views on one side and a garden oasis on the other, this is truly a unique property close to the hustle and bustle of Capitol Hill.  Enjoy a private bed & bath on the lower floor of our hillside single family home with shared kitchen. Update: We're proud to be AirBNB Superhosts!  Enjoy a private bedroom and bathroom in our home, nestled between the Howe and Blaine stairs on the quiet north end of Capitol Hill.  While we're both well-traveled, we take great pride in our beloved native state and are happy to help you find the best spots and experiences in the city and surrounding mountains and Puget Sound. We're in a great location for public transit (served by Metro 49, 25 & 70-series) from Sea-Tac airport and Washington State Ferries, and offer 1 free reserved parking spot (upon request) and plenty of free on-street parking. There is easy access to and from I-5 and a Car2Go is almost always within walking distance. Your private room and bathroom are on the ground level of Private room in gorgeous apartment located just a few short blocks from the Pike/Pine corridor and 15th Avenue gourmet dining. Apartment features indoor fireplace, full kitchen, huge living room, lots of storage space, TV, WiFi, and other bonuses. --= I HAVE PARKING PASSES! =-- Gorgeous apartment features original hardwood flooring, indoor fireplace, and a HUGE kitchen and living room. Large windows flood the space with sunlight, and the gargantuan closets give you lots of space to keep your things out of the way. Lock on guest room door is provided for your privacy. Guests have access to TV, WiFi, fireplace, my personal expertise, coin-operated laundry downstairs, and all the fun and excitement Capitol Hill has to offer! I live in the apartment, but am usually out during the day and some nights. If you want to make plans, I am happy to spend time together! If I am going to be out of town during your stay, I will let you know in advance and make sure you have everything you need. CapitThis is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day of your arrival you'll be sent the access codes to the building and your studio unit, along wiOur warm one bedroom on exciting Capitol Hill with artisan features throughout the space is in the center of Seattle. All the city has to offer is right outside your door. Be close to the best restaurants, bars, and live music while staying.       Sleeps two comfortably on a nice queen size bed with artisan touches throughout the space. Cozy couch, vintage record player, lovely kitchen, and table for two will keep you feeling at home while you are away.  Wifi access is also included.  Grind yourself up some fresh coffee beans and enjoy a smooth cup from the French press or make yourself some tea, all included. Bathroom has a tub and shower with plenty of hot water and great water pressure. Also includes complimentary shampoo, shower soap, and toiletries.  The condo is a newer building only about 8 years old and so everything is generally in great working order.  Enjoy!  Guests have access to our condo, use of kitchen and laundry as needed. We'll coordinate for key and fob drop off. TheCharming 1940s one-bedroom in the heart of Capitol Hill, Seattle's eclectic gay and artistic neighborhood. Situated near Broadway, the location is divine. You can walk to all the bars and restaurants the hip neighborhood has to offer. Charming 1940s one-bedroom in the heart of Capitol Hill, Seattle's eclectic gay and artistic neighborhood. Situated near Broadway, the location is divine. You can walk to all the bars and restaurants the hip neighborhood has to offer. You can stroll to downtown and Seattle's famous Pike Place waterfront in less than 25 minutes. There are a myriad of busses nearby to take you to downtown and other parts of the city as well. The apartment has  French doors, a double bed, hardwood floors, couch, dining room table, a tiny, but serviceable, kitchen. Internet and cable television with all the major stations (please don't order On Demand shows at a cost) are yours to enjoy. I also have a Roku box with Netflix etc. There is a private outdoor seating area and a sh5 min walk to downtown and only 5 min from the heart of Capitol Hill as well. 20 min walks to the space needle and pioneer square. Perfect for anyone in town for a conference or just trying to see the city. Minutes away from the convention center and pike place market. Perfect location for everything. It's in the heart of the city. Central location to everything. Netflix, laundry, wifi, quick access to all major bus lines, 5 min walk to best bars in the city. I live two blocks from the studio. It's directly between the culture rich capitol hill and the downtown area. Great for tourist and business travelers Great public transit system. 2 min walk from the link rail (train to the airport ) and all major bus routes. Tons of cabs and ubers availableThis is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person, but the vast majority of couples who have stayed with us find the intimate space cozy. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day of yourPeaceful bedroom in light-filled 2nd floor apt on quiet, tree-lined street just 2 blocks from all the energy + amenities of Broadway. In the heart of Capitol Hill, steps to restaurants, cafes, shopping, Volunteer Park, Pike/Pine corridor.  This spacious, light-filled apartment is on a quiet tree lined street in the heart of Capitol Hill. My hope is that my home serves as a welcoming space for all who enter, whether for an afternoon coffee, a meal, or in this case, an overnight stay. After a day exploring our fabulous city, this space offers a place to rest. The second bedroom is used solely for guests therefore an empty wardrobe and shelves await you, as well as a queen size bed with down comforter and pillows. The bedroom is small but as one guest referred to it, it's a calming, urban retreat. There is one shared bathroom; frankly, it's outdated but totally clean and serves it's purpose. Take a shower or a bath; clean towels as well as shampoo and conditioner provided. Large kitchen tMy comfortable, bright and open loft-style apartment is right in the heart of Capitol Hill. Enjoy stylish accommodation with a gourmet kitchen, spacious bath, designer furniture and luxurious amenities close to everything Seattle has to offer. Unique, high style corner unit loft condo is a luxurious in-city retreat. Two walls of windows overlooking pike street, hardwood floors, gourmet kitchen with gas range, gas fireplace, designer furnishings and artwork. Entire apartment including open living/dining/kitchen area (great for entertaining), cozy bedroom and large full bath. Includes in-suite laundry, use of community roof deck. There is a parking space but you must discuss / reserve it ahead of time so that I can make arrangements for my car. I leave detailed instructions on how to use everything in the apartment. I rent my place out only when I'm traveling so won't be in town but have a good friend nearby with an extra set of keys and am happy to chat before and during your stay about1 private bedroom in beautiful 2 bedroom (1100 sq ft) apartment Apartment is new with great amenities & rooftop view! The location is amazing with a 98 WALK SCORE and endless restaurants, bars, parks, and sites nearby! Apartment is right on Broadway - a very popular area in Seattle.  You will have 1 of the private bedrooms and own bathroom. Very spacious apartment and rooms. -Full kitchen (Fridge, Dishwasher, Oven, Stove-top, Microwave, Toaster, George Foreman) -Full Bathroom (Shower/Tub) -Living area (New 64 inch Plasma TV w/ Xbox, Netflix, HBO) -Rooftop lounge area (2 BBQs, tables, sun-chairs) -Workout facilities (Yoga Room and Weight/Cardio room) -Apartment Common Room (Plasma TV, Lounge area, Dining room, Kitchen) I can offer suggestions for site-seeing, restaurants, etc. Capitol Hill is one of the most loved neighborhoods in Seattle. Very centrally located and close to everything! Great restaurants and nightlife! -Blue Moon Burgers and Pho noodle shop in building.  -Dilettante ChoOld world charm meets modern elegance. Welcome to our classic, 2 bedroom/2 bath condo situated in a newly renovated, 100 year old Victorian house.  This clean urban abode offers 2 comfortable Posturepedic king size beds a queen sofa bed, a futon twin bed, a fully equipped kitchen, heated wood floors, carpeted bedroom, high ceilings and lots of natural light.  The 2 beautiful mosaic tiled bathrooms allows for a shower or a bath after a busy day of sightseeing and 2 Flat Screen TVs and Blue Ray DVD players are perfect for watching movies in tandem from the bedroom or living room.  Dine in or walk to one of the numerous restaurants, coffee houses or bars in Seattle's centrally located Capitol Hill neighborhood.  Parking is provided but being just 1 mile from the city, it's easy to walk, bike (2 bikes provided w/unit) or take the bus to local attractions.  Experience the City on the Sound in style.  There is a 4 night minimum during summer months, 3 nights during fall and 2 nights during wQuiet, cozy studio inside Pike/Pine section of Capitol Hill. Great restaurants, coffee shops and bars just steps away. Bus route downtown is one block away. Couch turns into a queen size bed. No WiFi available. Bluetooth speaker included.Nestled in Capitol Hill, walk to bars, shops, restaurants, etc while enjoying what this city has to offer! Modern living at its best. The building is conveniently located just blocks from trendy center of Capitol Hill. Easy access to iconic spots and the ever changing nightlife! Open 1 bedroom with an amazing view of the Seattle city skyline! Rooftop access for an even better view (Space Needle included). Modern living in a new building just blocks from downtown. Nestled in Capitol Hill, walk to bars, shops, restaurants, etc while enjoying what this city has to offer! 1 bed with room for an air mattress or sleeping bags. Rooftop access I try to respond to requests within 24 hours. Nestled in Capitol Hill, walk to bars, shops, restaurants, etc while enjoying what this city has to offer! Several bus stops along Bellevue Ave with easy access to downtown and surrounding areas. Lots to see within walking distance. If you're looking for an adventure Uber and Lyft are also just a click away!Barn 11 is a small rustic wood structure located on a tree-lined side-street in the Capitol Hill neighborhood, near dozens of shops and restaurants and just one mile from Downtown Seattle.   Rate includes free parking in our parking lot, and WiFi. Barn 11 has wood floors, kitchenette, bathroom, upstairs bedroom,  parking, and Wifi. The unit will be ready for our incoming guests by 3pm, but if you arrive before 3pm you are welcome to come next door to the 11th Avenue Inn to drop bags, get keys, park car, make yourself at home. We are 1.0 mile from Downtown Seattle - a 20 minute walk, and 1.5 miles from the Pike Place Market and from Seattle Center where the Space Needle is - a 30 minute walk. Most of our guests walk to Downtown. We're near dozens of Capitol Hill restaurants, shops, and a popular park. Buses to Downtown Seattle stop one block from the Inn. The unit will be ready for our incoming guests by 3pm, but if you arrive before 3pm you are welcome to come next door to the 11th AveSelected at the most successful AirBnb in Washington State in March of 2015 by the Huffington Post. Extremely comfortable and clean home all to yourself.. We have a lovely home with 6 bedrooms  that sleep up to 16 people. Perfect for your event, business stay, reunion, or gathering.  We are in the epicenter of the hottest action in Seattle.... Capitol Hill.  There is plenty of privacy as well as comfort and offers easy access to  downtown, bus lines, and  the most amazing nightlife in the city. What is included: - Ultra-fast high-speed business class  wireless internet - Surprisingly abundant nearby parking (paid and temporary) - Super friendly and experienced hosts who love to have visitors. - Steps away from the downtown core , cool music venues, restaurants and art galleries of  the most vibrant neighborhood in Seattle. - The #49 bus line stops just a 2 min walk away. Which gets you downtown or the convention center. - easy access to major highways  - Hardwood floors - Foosball tablBeautiful apartment right in the heart of capital hill. Wood floors and period detailing in 1920s elevator building. Walkable to just about everything - including downtown. And with a view of the Space Needle, you couldn't ask for a more perfect jumping off point to explore all that Seattle has to offer!Hello I am renting out my spare bedroom with queen aero bed and also the main living room which features a full sleeper sofa. The house is very lovely and in a fantastic location in N. Capitol Hill. Close walk to downtown, bars, cafes, and WSCC. Hardwood floors, full size kitchen for entertaining. Living room also has a dining room table. Bright and open space. Small front yard for bbq's etc and a small patio on rear.  Bedroom is average size with a queen aerobed and the living room has a full size sleeper sofa. You would be sharing the house with me. I love to host and provide helpful hints about cool spots in Seattle You have access to the spare bedroom as well as living room sleeper. The entire place is open to you besides my private bedroom. Full kitchen etc. I have lived in Seattle over 2 years now and love to host guests as well as given suggestions on sites, restaurants and bars to see and do in the city. I am very laid back and love to meet new people. N. Capitol hill is adorabSleek and contemporary style bedroom that  is suitable for 2 guests. This room has a  queen-sized bed that will give you a comfortable and elegant appeal. Extremely clean and comfortable sleeping space.. We have a lovely home with 6 bedrooms please browse them all to see which one you like best for your needs. There are 2 bathrooms for guest use and a big full size kitchen and living room for everyone to enjoy.  We are in the epicenter of the hottest action in Seattle.... Capitol Hill.  There is plenty of privacy as well as comfort and offers easy access to  downtown, bus lines, and easy access to the most amazing nightlife in the city. What is included: - Ultra-fast high-speed wireless internet -Mounted flat screen smart  TV  with Netflix included.  - Surprisingly abundant nearby parking (paid and temporary) - Super friendly and experienced hosts who love to have visitors - Steps away from the downtown core , cool music venues, restaurants and art galleries of  the most vibrant neighbOur spacious & newly remodeled 1-bedroom apartment is set on the 1st floor of a historic 3-story building. Built in 1906, The Princeton Cooperative is home to members who care for their unique building & diverse neighborhood. Guests will be provided with a number to enter the building in the front entrance, and will gain access to the unit with a unique keypad code provided to them a few days before their reservation. We have a parking pass for street parking that is made available to all of our guests (please leave behind for the next guest!). The street parking, Zone 4, includes the streets surrounding our building. Our building is home to several members, and we hope you will meet some of us and ask us any questions you may have! Our main point of contact is our member Alyssa, and you will be provided with her contact information upon booking.  Located in the heart of the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, our building is within walking distance from several attractions and conveWe have a spacious guest bedroom in a beautiful townhouse on a tree-lined street in the heart of Capitol Hill. You can stay here and have the local experience, while being steps away to one of the liveliest and most vibrant neighborhoods in Seattle. We offer a full bedroom with a queen bed less than a year old, lots of natural light and a private bathroom. You have your own enormous closet. We've had guests hang up an entire week's worth of clothes with space to spare. You'll also have plenty of amenities like your own app-enabled in-room speaker system, access to a washer/dryer, luggage racks, and all the necessary toiletries.  We are avid travelers ourselves (over 60 countries!) so we know what we would like to have and experience on our travels. We try to set that up for our guests. The room is located on the second floor. You'll have your own code to enter and exit the house so you don't have to deal with any hassles for check-in/check-out.  You are welcome to enjoy the rest of theLocated in the trendy Capitol Hill neighborhood, this unit is designed with both the business and leisure traveler in mind. The unit features a 648 sq ft private deck, high-speed wireless internet, and is only blocks from downtown with a 98 Walkscore Located in the trendy Capitol Hill neighborhood, this unit is designed with both the business and leisure traveler in mind. The unit features a 648 sq ft private deck, high-speed wireless internet, and is only blocks from downtown. Newer construction transforms a special turn of the century residence. Clean lined modernity makes excellent use of space, creating a residence with over 1000 square feet on two floors. This vacation unit features two bedrooms, 1.5 baths, and comfortable contemporary furnishings. Fully equipped and spacious cook's kitchen includes: coffee maker, refrigerator, Bosch dishwasher, microwave, 5 burner gas range, and Dacor convection oven. One of a kind, 11ft  Indonesian ladder trestle table situated by the gas fireplHave your cake and eat it too in this spacious one bedroom in the heart of Seattle's Pike/Pine corridor. Cozy old world charm makes this 1910s gem a perfect home base for couples looking to explore Capitol Hill and downtown. Original hardwood floors, built ins and lots of natural light make this a warm and inviting space. The ~800 square foot apartment has an open layout and consists of one large living room, one large dining room, a full kitchen and bath and a modest bedroom. The bed is a heavenly queen with a plush hypoallergenic mattress topper and your choice of down or foam pillows. The space is not air conditioned, but it well ventilated with an oscillating tower fan and cross breeze. Guests will have access to a full kitchen with a refrigerator, appliances (electric coffee pot, french press, toaster, blender), dishware, flatware, pots, pans and cooking essentials.  The space comes equipped with high speed wireless internet, a 50'' flat screen TV with cable, a record player and BMaster suite available in renovated 1904 Capitol Hill home. Minutes to UW, downtown and South Lake Union right in the heart of Seattle's hippest neighborhood. In a stylishly updated home, the suite fits two.   Beautiful renovated 1904 Capitol Hill classic set high up off the street with great light but lots of privacy. Great location, minutes to downtown by foot or a quick cab ride. UW a 10 minute bus ride away. Guest off-street parking pass available at no cost upon request. With a walk score of 97, shops, cafes, restaurants abound in the neighborhood. LBGT friendly. There are two master suites in the house, so you might be sharing the house with other guests, although the other suite has its own TV room, and you have access to the main living area, so there is ample privacy. Other suite can be found here: https://www.airbnb.ca/rooms/1928010 Your own master suite with private bath. You have access to the open-concept common areas, including a full kitchen with eating area, provided yoThis is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person, but the vast majority of couples who have stayed with us find the intimate space cozy. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day of yourLocated in the trendy Capitol Hill neighborhood, this unit is designed with both the business and leisure traveler in mind. The unit includes complimentary high-speed wireless internet, Apple TV, and is only blocks from downtown with a 98 Walk Score. Newer 2bed/2bath unit has 1100 sq ft.  on two floors. Clean lined modernity makes excellent use of space. Extra large bedrooms on the main floor each have their own private bath. Large upstairs living space boasts custom kitchen cabinetry. The fantastic European tilt and turn windows take advantage of SW exposure.  Appliances include: side by side refrigerator, Bosch dishwasher, microwave, electric range, and garbage disposal. Thoughtful finishes and incredible attention to detail throughout.   This modern addition to a classic turn of the century residence is perfect for anyone looking for sanctuary in the urban environment.  Ideally located near Broadway and Pine St, this property is close to bus lines, shopping, and restaurants.  AmenitLuxurious and completely remodeled apartment in the best location on Capitol Hill. This apartment is located just a few blocks from Seattle's famous Broadway Avenue. With a Walkscore of 98, you can't beat the location! Luxurious and completely remodeled apartment in the best location on Capitol Hill. This apartment is located just a few blocks from Seattle's famous Broadway Avenue and has a nice view of the Seattle skyline. With a Walkscore of 98, you can't beat the location!  The apartment was just completely renovated by an award winning interior designer. Everything is spotless, brand new and done to a very high standard. The most comfortable linens and finishes make the apartment as luxurious as a 5 star hotel. 2 flat screen cable TV's, wifi, free long distance, a Wii game console, modern and brand new kitchen and bath.  This is a spacious, light filled, one bedroom apartment with a king bed and a queen sized sofa sleeper. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need for One room with a queen size bed in my 2 BR apartment in the Pike/Pine area of the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle. Use of kitchen, wi-fi, and common area is warmly welcomed.  You're welcome to make some tea, grab a book, and get comfy in your downtime. Though, not many people take me up on that offer - you're too close to so many good things here. There's something for everyone in Capitol Hill - great food, music venues, eclectic shopping, parks (with bike polo matches!), people watching over ice cream or coffee. I love this neighborhood and have tons of recommendations.  This is an LGBTQ+ friendly home. - This listing is for 1 bedroom in a 2 bedroom apartment. - The bed is a queen. - Full bathroom with towels provided. Bathroom is shared. - Feel free to use the kitchen. Coffee, tea, and snacks on the counter are yours to enjoy. I do not have a dishwasher, but paper goods are available for your use if you don't want the hassle. - Wifi included. SSID and key will be posted in your rBeautiful cozy charming Capitol Hill studio in one of Seattle's most exciting neighborhoods. Walkable to restaurants, shops, parks and downtown! Enjoy a full kitchen and original hardwood floors in a hundred year old building. The studio is a second floor corner unit with large windows on two sides overlooking a quiet lane and garden. It has hard wood floors and a renovated kitchen/bathroom. I also have an extra sleeping cot that can accommodate an additional person. The building itself was built at the turn of the century so it has an old charming feel - the outside is red brick and the doorways are arched, but the unit was completed renovated before I moved in so the feeling inside is new and breezy. It is in walking distance to neighborhood attractions and amenities: restaurants, parks, bars, grocery stores, coffee shops, clothing stores, bus stops. 15 minute walk to downtown Seattle. It is cozy and sweet. I love living here and I think you will love staying here! Guests have full aA classic, 700+sq ft, 1bed / 1 bath apartment just 12 blocks from Pike Place Market, with stunning views of the skyline, SpaceNeedle, Puget Sound, and even the Olympic Mountains. AMENITIES: Clean, simple... come for the views and location. An internet ready TV and wireless internet is available. The kitchen is yours to use, with a stove, microwave, sink, and fridge... but it is a little small. LOCATION: Within 5-10 minute walk to main light rail and bus terminal to take you to airport, or anywhere else. It's only a 12 block walk to Pike Place Market, and 5 blocks from the trendy and lively pike/pine neighborhood on Capital Hill. Complete with parks and some of Seattle best restaurants. Bus lines within 4 blocks can take you pretty much everywhere you need to go in the city, from Fremont to Queen Anne to the Space Needle to the University. And if you like coffee, one of Seattle' best micro-roasters, Victrola, is a short stumble out the front door. note: there is NOT an in-room washer drSpacious 1BR/1BA with open design and sleek, modern furnishings. Large windows let natural light in and open out to a spectacular city skyline view. Less than 10 min from Space Needle, Pike Place Market, and Downtown. 2 blocks from Paramount Theatre. This bright and modern 1BR/1BA apartment in Capitol Hill offers beautiful city skyline views. The living area and dining area share an open space lined entirely with hardwood floors. Large and beautiful windows not only let the natural light flow in and through the whole apartment, but also allow our guests to experience the view from the comfort of the couch or dining table. Come home after a day of sightseeing and watch the city sparkle under the setting sun while enjoying a romantic dinner, which you can cook in the fully equipped kitchen. The apartment is located in the southern region of Capitol Hill, which puts some of the city's top attractions at your fingertips. The Space Needle, Pike Place Market, the Seattle Aquarium, the EMP MuThis is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person, but the vast majority of couples who have stayed with us find the intimate space cozy. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You will also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day ofRent the guest bedroom in my modern and conveniently located Capitol Hill condo.  The condo has two bathrooms, two bedrooms, and two patios! The guest bedroom has a memory foam queen size bed, Wifi, and a 42" mounted flat screen TV with Netflix and Amazon Prime Video. This condo is located near the corner of  Belmont Ave E and Summit Ave E. You'll have access to the whole condo besides the master bedroom and master bathroom.   Included is a patio with bbq and dining set, kitchen, living room, and the main bathroom with full size shower. I prefer someone who is friendly and OK with interaction with me while we're both home. Obviously it's OK for privacy in your room or for me in my room, but if we're both in the common areas I prefer friendly interaction. Capitol Hill is one of the most popular areas in Seattle. My location is in a more quiet section while still being close to all the craziness! My condo has a walking score of 96 out of 100! That means that basically everything is withiAbout Io House: This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for a bunk bed (Upper bunk 1) in a shared room with three other people.  Common area includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. We provide: - High speed Internet - Laundry on-site (detergent provided) - Full kitchen with dishwasher - A back yard with Apartment in historic mansion district just steps away to all the restaurants and shops on Capitol Hill. 900 SF two bedroom 1 bath basement apartment with tons of old world charm.  Heated concrete floors, newly furnished, king sized beds, and more •All newer appliances: washer/dryer, gas range, microwave, dishwasher,  refrigerator •Kitchen cabinets are maple and counters are black stone  •Radiant floor heat (the stained concrete floors have hot water pumped thru them to heat the unit).  Very warm and dry! •New full bath with inlaid mosaic tile floor and vintage tub surround  •Both bedrooms large enough for king sized beds •Plenty of closet space •Private entrance  •Seven foot ceilings (this apartment is the basement) with abundant natural light (9 new large windows) •Full size washer/dryer en suite Separate outdoor access to the unit via key box. This is a very quiet part of Capitol Hill as most of the homes are now preserved historic structures.  It is incredibly walker friendly but tAbout Io House: This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for a bunk bed (Lower bunk 1) in a shared room with three other people.  Common area includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. We provide: - High speed Internet - Laundry on-site (detergent provided) - Full kitchen with dishwasher - A back yard with I live in Capitol Hill. This is the Best location for a Tourist. You can walk to all cool spots in downtown and capitol hill area. This is a shared studio space. You will be sharing it with one person only. This is a Shared Studio space. You will be sharing it with one person.   Although it's a shared studio, there is a giant closet (about 8ft) between my space and guest's space.  The futon can be transformed to a Queen sized bed like in the picture. It's very comfortable for a futon. You are welcome to use my kitchen items (frying pan, dishes, knife etc) to cook something.  (there is pizza by slice place right next door that stays open very late like 2~3 am. 2 convenience stores right next door) Please ask if you need help! I will try to accommodate you while respecting your personal space. It's in Capitol Hill closer to downtown.  It's the best spot for a tourist since you can check out both capitol hill and downtown by walking. Walking Score is 96. That explains it all. There are hiWelcome to our home! This house is a mix of two long time roommates and other airbnb listings. Staying with us is a mix of visiting with locals and meeting travelers. This room is a good budget option for those wanting to stay in a walkable area. Hello! Our house is a couple blocks off broadway in the northern section of the Capitol Hill neighborhood. The room is one of five bedrooms in our house. You will be staying with roommates as well as other airbnb guests. We have a cozy kitchen, bathroom and living room with lots of light! You can do laundry downstairs ($1 wash / $1 dry), and hang out in our lovely living room.  Our house is the tall, dark and handsome type, height / weight proportionate, with a red brick exterior (if you're into that sort of thing). Good to know we are an older home, not a hotel so the aesthetics come with the territory. We're two blocks from Broadway, with a stupid amount of cool shit and buses within walking distance. You can get to the Pike/Pine nightlife iClean and cozy 2 bedroom apartment right in the heart of Capitol Hill.  Just blocks from beautiful Volunteer Park and countless local restaurants, coffee shops, and bars.  You can walk downtown to Pike Place Market, or hop on a bus! Our two bedroom apartment is cozy and practical for any traveller.  We have a fully stocked kitchen, laundry on site, and even a little backyard equipped with a grill! You'll have access to the entire apartment, yard, and laundry building. I'll be here when you arrive to give you the key, after which you'll have the place completely to yourself.  You can call me if you have any questions or need help with anything. There are countless delicous restaurants, comfortable coffee shops, unique bars, and all sorts of boutiques and thrift stores within a few blocks of our apartment.  If you walk two blocks North of our apartment you will reach Volunteer Park, and you can continue walking through beautiful neighborhoods with historic mansions.  If you're looking foA newly renovated and very spacious and comfortable 1 bedroom unit right in the heart of cap hill. Can't get a reservation for your desired dates? Price isn't right? Want to see more options? Check out our other listings in the area: Lux 1BD in CapHill. 97 Walkscore - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/2004931 Open 1Bed in Cap Hill - https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1954452Perfectly situated off Broadway in a quiet part of the hill, walking distance to some of the City's best restaurants, bars and other forms of entertainment, plus beautiful citywide views from nearby Volunteer Park. One of the Hill's last historic spaces, this second floor apartment was built in 1943 to accommodate USAF officers for the duration of the war. Includes access to a beautifully kept garden and free parking, plus easy transport links and waling access to the entire city. The entire home/apt. is yours to enjoy. You will have a set of keys to the main front door, as well as the entry doors to the unit itself (front and back). I will typically be available via phone or email during your stay. Capitol Hill is the epicenter of the city for nightlife, gourmet food and drink as well as an extremely broad array of cultural activities. It's also regarded as the most LGBT-friendly area of the city. There's a bus line out the front door as well as Uber, Lyft and taxis everywhere you loo#203, a 2BR/1BA apartment, is on the corner of the building, with a bay window in the living room giving a great view down to bustling Pike street. It can sleep up to 6, and is a block from many bus lines going all over the city. A cozy urban oasis! This apartment can sleep up to six.  There's a queen in the master bedroom, two adult sized (extra long) twins in the second bedroom, and a queen sized super high-quality sleeper sofa in the living room.  The place is very nicely furnished and decorated, comfortable and perfect for a vacation or business stay in Seattle. We're located in Seattle's most popular neighborhood, Capitol Hill, right in the Pike/Pine corridor, in the midst of lots of shops, restaurants and bars.  There's lots of nightlife in our area.  We're just 8 blocks walking distance to the Washington State Convention Center and just a few more to the middle of downtown Seattle.  One of the best things about our location is that we have a large 24-hr grocery store right acrosViews of Seattle's landmarks fill nearly every window at this modern, 2-bed, 2.5-bath vacation rental house 2 miles from downtown, 3 miles from UW, and less than a mile from Capitol Hill. At this elevated 2-bed, 2.5-bath vacation rental house, views of Seattle's landmarks fill nearly every window. The Space Needle. Lake Union. The downtown skyline. Gasworks Park. From coffee on the balcony, to cocktails in the living area and dinner at the table, the unmatched views will anchor your Seattle vacation.  Both bedrooms have Seattle and/or Lake Union views, too. Perfect for two couples traveling together, this 2-bedroom rental features 2.5 baths, so there's no waiting in line to get ready before heading out to explore.  About exploring: this rental, between Eastlake and Capitol Hill, is just a short bus ride from the heart of the city. Take a one-minute walk to the bus stop—no transfers necessary! Capitol Hill, the hub of Seattle's nightlife scene and countless restaurants, is less than a mOpen livingroom/dining room and kitchen. 2 Blocks from Broadway with a walkscore of 98 of 100 (info about walkscore in on the internet) Potentially Bad News – for expectation setting: 1. There's no view – it's a canopy of trees in the summer or a bunch of sticks in the winter…which means the house in the summer is quite cool compared to others…more on this in “the Really Awesome" section below. 2. It will feel like you're living in someone's house and they stashed a lot of things out of the way, ie this is not a full time AirBNB…but you're welcome to use anything that's available – take a Frisbee to the park, chairs to the park, use my mountain bike - I'll leave the combo to the lock, and various kitchen condiments – hot sauce, olive oil, etc. 3. Windowless  “bedroom" – technically it's a den.  This room is more quiet and I place a fan at the doorway.  4. Sleeps 3* - I have a firm queen size bed which is an ikea Sultan memory foam on top of box springs, a twin mattress and a couch.  SoThis is a modern fully-furnished micro studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person, but the vast majority of couples who have stayed with us find the intimate space cozy. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day oLovely 1906 Capitol Hill home with two bedrooms and a large living space.  Located on a quiet, residential street blocks away from coffee shops, dining, nightlife and transit.  Walking distance to South Lake Union and easy access to Downtown. This home was built in 1906 and has a wonderfully large, shaded porch and a spacious communal living space with a recently renovated kitchen. Two bedrooms upstairs provide ample sleeping area.  For reviews of the rooms and the area, see the comments left for the individual rooms of this property (Woodland and Sunset rooms), viewed by clicking the link to "reviews of other properties." Keypad lock on the front door for easy access.  Free Wifi.  Guests are welcome to use the kitchen for cooking, and the dining room table seats 8 (or even 10). We're happy to answer any questions and provide local tourist information. This part of northern Capitol Hill is a real find, a wonderful mix of residential neighborhood, bustling commercial strips and wonderfuSweet, well laid out one bedroom on a quiet tree lined street in very best area of capitol hill near volunteer park. Cleaned with natural prducts! Furnished, cozy & with everything you'll need for a comfortable stay in this beautiful city! Bright and cozy Laundry on same floor, elevator Upon check in and available by phone. A few blocks from a beautiful parKs and Asian art museum, rental bikes right in front of building, walk to many lovely restaurants/bars and coffee shops. A few blocks away from busses that go downtown and the university district. #49, #43 & #10 metro busses. Right in front of the building there are rental bicycles!This Airbnb is all about location... walking distance to downtown, international district, cap hill, Pike Place Market, restaurants, bars, clubs, Seattle U., and within busing distance to UW & the Space Needle. This listing is for the top bunk. I'm new to Airbnb and excited to get started! The living area has a twin-sized bunk bed, couch, and spare space for luggage. You are renting out the top bunk bed. You may or may not have another Airbnb guest in the other bed depending on if it get's booked or not. There is a fabric (curtain style) separator between my bed (behind the couch) and your living area.  The space you will stay in is a smaller living room with twin bunk beds with clean sheets, large couch, kitchen available for your use (utensils/pans & spices only), clean bathroom, clean towels, shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. The whole apartment stays clean and tidy at all times. You will have access to a free washer and dryer in the building only if it is not being used by anothNestled in a lush garden courtyard, this home is a quiet respite in the city.  You are steps away from all that Capitol Hill has to offer--restaurants, bars, shopping, and entertainment are all within walking distance. This quiet, bungalow-style condo sits in a residential section of Capitol Hill on a beautiful courtyard with mature gardens. Relax on the window seat and watch the sun set over the mountains. The 1950's architecture and terrific artwork give this rental a wonderful retro feel.  Your own off-street entrance makes this place feel like a townhouse with total privacy. The convenient location is just minutes away from downtown and steps away from bustling Broadway. Guests must be at least 12 years old.  The home has not been child-proofed and there are hazards for small children. Walk everywhere! This location gets a Walkscore of 95 (on a scale of 1 to 100) making it a walker's paradise!  Sensational theaters, shops, museums, parks, restaurants and coffee shops are all withinWalk Score 97! A quiet and cozy retreat in the center of it all. Just steps away you'll find shops, restaurants and groceries, a few blocks farther quiet parks or bustling nightlife, within a short walk most of Seattle's sights. Whether you're coming for business or pleasure, for a weekend, week or to spend the summer the Bungalow off Broadway is the perfect place to get away to. This cozy 2BR/1BA getaway home has its own front and back doors behind a secured gate with a central garden courtyard shared by the 6 units, which were built in 1923 and remodeled in 2006.The living area is furnished with comfortable and stylish sofas from Dania, and Brazilian cherry flooring. This is a great place to relax, catch up on the day's news and enjoy a glass of wine. The kitchen features stainless steel throughout, marble countertops, ample daylight with windows looking out onto the garden courtyard. You'll find a queen-size pillow-top bed in the bedroom, and another queen-size bed in the loft, plusCome stay in the heart of Capitol Hill! This apartment is a spacious studio with plenty of natural light, breakfast nook with stools, comfortable couch, and a full size hotel quality bed. Walk Score of 95 out of 100. The Apartment is lightly furnished with somewhat gothic décor but still manages to be bright. The walls are adorned with mirrors, art and a black chandelier hangs from the ceiling. This space accommodates 3 guest comfortably. The bed is very comfortable and warm and the couch is long enough for someone who is 6ft 5in tall to sleep on. The bathroom is a bit on the small side but it does have a shower and tub. The Kitchen is fully stocked if you wanted to cook or heat up leftovers after a night of bar hopping. The apartment is on the ground floor with windows facing East toward the street. The space does not have a TV but it does have WiFi. Or you could just unplug and explore the city! The only restricted area in the unit will be the closet. Everything else is free to use. Amazing 2 bedroom with stunning views. Tranquil space steps away from the action - Pike / Pine, Cal Anderson, Volunteer Park. Great access to street parking (with pass) and public transport. Use this wonderful space as your jumping off point to all points around Seattle.Beautiful spacious room in an old Craftsman preserved by two local designers in the heart of Seattle's most exciting neighborhood. Perfect for independent adventurers whom love to eat, drink and explore cities by foot! Cottage Room has a cottage feel to it as it's cozy with original windows and a comfortable full size bed. The room is upstairs in an open hallway with three other rooms and two shared bathrooms. All the rooms are rented out via Airbnb (each room has a key lock) and share the common space such as the breakfast room, the kitchen, the bathrooms and the yard. Think charismatic and clean house maintained by a carpenter and artist in a prime location shared with independent and easy going travelers. We have been sharing our house with adventurers for over a year now and feel like (with the help from feedback of guests) that we have a pretty good system down. For your convenience we like to provide things that are a pain to pack (towels/hair dryer/iron/shampoo/conditioner/body 3 bedroom home in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood. Located just 2.5 blocks from the start of all Capitol Hill has to offer: bars, restaurants, and Volunteer Park.  Includes off street parking for one car. Great house for a large group that has 3 bedrooms with 2 bathrooms.  Features a living room, sitting room, and full size dining room with table that can seat up to 10.  French doors off the kitchen open to a large deck in the backyard. Both upstairs bedrooms have queen size beds.  Downstairs bedroom doubles as a TV room and includes a double size air mattress. Full access to the house. The house will be ready for your arrival and we'll be accessible via phone and text if you need anything. Capitol Hill is Seattle's premier neighborhood with easy access to bars, restaurants, parks, and downtown Seattle. Our home is located one block from Metro's 49 bus line with quick access to Downtown Seattle and University District along with connections to bus routes to get around Seattle.Spacious, comfortable, vintage apartment close to all the Capitol Hill nightlife and just a few blocks from downtown. A large studio with 1 queen bed, 1 twin air mattress, and 2 couches. It can sleep 3 comfortably and 4 or more if you're sharing beds This apartment is a hidden Capitol Hill gem and one of the few left of its kind. The neighborhood is changing rapidly with developers tearing down beautiful old buildings at a staggering pace to make room for fancy new apartments with little character. The apartment has high ceilings, bay windows, and wood floors. Partially stocked kitchen (Plates, silverware, bowls, glasses) Internet, TV, PS4 with Netflix/Amazon Prime  Queen bed and two couches (each with pillows, sheets, and blankets). Coin-op laundry in the basement (laundry detergent under my sink) Depending on my schedule, I will either give you the key or leave it in a hiding spot. Capitol hill has the best nightlife in Seattle (in my opinion...that's why I live here!) and every typeSpacious, comfortable, vintage apartment close to all the Capitol Hill nightlife and just a few blocks from downtown. A 1-br that can turn into a large studio thanks to pocket doors. 1 queen bed and 2 spare twins means it can sleep 4 comfortably. This apartment is a hidden Capitol Hill gem and one of the few left of its kind. The neighborhood is changing rapidly with developers tearing down beautiful old buildings at a staggering pace to make room for fancy new apartments with little character.  The apartment has high ceilings, bay windows, wood floors, and pocket doors that allow the space to have either a dedicated bedroom or become a large, open studio. One bathroom with a clawfoot bathtub and shower. Full kitchen (refrigerator, gas stove, oven, toaster, microwave, plenty of plates/cups/utensils/napkins) Most things you need for cooking (pots/pans, spices, cooking utensils, basic ingredients) Internet (no tv or cable, sorry!)  Queen bed and two additional twin mattresses (each with This apartment is perfect for seeing the city. Centrally located, beautiful view of Lake union, easy access to freeway, abundant parking and is just on the edge from Seattle's hip neighborhood Capitol Hill. Enjoyable cozy, clean stay! Our view is priceless! Either myself or my awesome roommate will hand over the keys. There is options of one or both rooms. Our location is right between quaint quiet Eastlake neighborhood and Hip Capitol Hill.Capitol Hill Townhome with Perfect Location - A fantastically charming modern townhome that literally has a perfect 100/100 walk-score with easy access to EVERTHING you want to enjoy the culture, food, drink, history and people of Seattle. The whole enchilada. (minus the garage) So... more like MOST of the enchilada. I'm available by phone for questions or support. Pike/Pine and Capitol Hill. Your gonna love it. The buses at the end of the block come so often that you don't need to check the schedule. Just walk to the stop.This is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You will also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air Capitol Hill is one of Seattle's prettiest and most-admired neighborhoods. It's a short walk to Broadway and just a bit longer to downtown. There is a Pronto bike share 100 yards away.  There is a bus stop for downtown 300 yards away.This completely updated unit in the heart of Capitol Hill is turn-key ready for a perfect stay in Seattle. Perfectly situated with a near perfect walkscore, all new kitchen with granite counter tops, furniture, custom art, and more. --= STREET PARKING PERMIT INCLUDED=-- Gorgeous completely renovated bright classic apartment features hardwood flooring thought, new kitchen with granite countertops, new lighting, furniture, and a fully stocked kitchen.  Large south-facing windows flood the space with sunlight, and the large closets provide plenty of space to keep your things out of the way.  A new queen bed with with foam topper plus new luxury linens sleep two comfortably. The location could not be better with a walk score of 98 and a transit score of 99.  The apartment is only three blocks east of trendy Broadway, and two blocks from Pike & Pine st. with dozens of popular restaurants, cafes, bars and shops.    - 20 minute walk to downtown and convention center, or a few minutes via bus,Within three blocks of everything Broadway Avenue - welcome to our Capitol Hill 1928 vintage studio, with view of Seattle Space Needle. 1928 vintage studio in heart of Seattle's food, music entertainment, lifestyle center - Capitol Hill. Fully restored view unit of Seattle Space Needle and downtown Seattle, featuring parquet hardwood flooring, original subway tiling in bath and new floor covering in kitchen.  An $8,000 Four Poster bed. New queen mattress set.    Coin operated washer/dryer at basement level of building.   On Saturdays, a food truck on corner of block. Starbucks across the street - and they serve beer. Yes, it's a different Starbucks for sure.  Parking is public and on street level. One hour limit during day. Overnight is allowed until 8AM. It is monitored and enforced, ticketed by Seattle authorities during day. There is a pay lot across street. We have no other information to offer about parking options.  Check out my guidebook for my favorite restaurants, Clubs, venueThis is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person, but the vast majority of couples who have stayed with us find the intimate space cozy. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You will also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day ofThis large studio apartment comfortably fits two people. Full kitchen, couch bed, and wifi! It is located around the corner from great bars, multiple grocery stores, bus lines that go straight to downtown Seattle, and a short walk from Volunteer Park My studio apartment is in a gorgeous old building at the top of the hill in Capitol Hill. It's close to everything but far enough up on the hill that it's still quiet and residential so you're not up until 3am with the crowds if you don't want to be! It's not often that you find an apartment on the hill with Parking and I have parking for you in a secured garage. Although it is a studio, it's a very large apartment and the kitchen is HUGE so it'll be great if you love to cook as much as I do. I only have a couch bed but it's nice and firm and very comfortable! I still live there whenever it's not rented so my things are mostly all there. Please be respectful of it all. If you are renting a car in Seattle, let me know and I can make room foEfficient 175 sq ft micro unit. Twin bunks, mini fridge and microwave with Space Needle view. Free overnight street parking. Walk to restaurants, bars and Volunteer Park. Quick Uber to Space Needle and more Seattle attractions. (3rd fl; no elevator)Roy Street Commons offers comfortable studio spaces on Capitol Hill, close to downtown and the University of Washington. We have large shared common rooms for your enjoyment. Our main kitchen is a commercial kitchen and fully stocked.Our apartment is located in the heart of Capitol Hill with many bars, restaurants, and happy hours nearby. Walkable access to Seattle's top highlights:  2 blocks to the Starbucks Reserve & Roastery.  0.4 miles to the Convention Center.  0.6 miles to Westlake Center.  0.9 miles to Pike Place Market, the Waterfront, and Downtown Seattle.  1.2 miles to Seattle Aquarium.  1.4 miles to Space Needle. You have a wonderful 1 bedroom/1 bathroom with a queen bed. Closet space and lamps inside. Comfortably sleeps 2 people. As it is a private room in our apartment, my brother and I also live here, and we work from home so chances are you'll see one/both of us from time to time. Many times we're out of town so we won't be around. You have access to the kitchen, washer/dryer in the unit, free wifi, a flatscreen TV with Apple TV and a limited cable channels, a patio, and a rooftop deck. If you are driving and need parking, let me know up front. We might be able to secure a guest parking pass. I live Seattle Suites, LLC manages privately owned furnished condos in the heart of downtown Seattle.  Our comfortable beds, great location, flexible pricing and lengths of stay make us the perfect choice for business and leisure travel.   Live like a Seattleite.  In the heart of downtown Seattle, our location is rated a “walker's paradise" with a 96 out of 100 walkability score.  Next to the Washington State Convention Center, 8 blocks from the Pike Place Market, near all major medical facilities (ie. Virginia Mason, Swedish Hospital, Polyclinic, Harborview Medical Center, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center) and the central business district, our location is ideal whether you are staying in Seattle for business, vacation or medical treatment.  Our 600 sq. ft, one bedroom/one bath condo will sleep up to four people with luxurious a king bed in the bedroom and a sleeper sofa in the living room.  Portacribs available for an added fee.  You will enjoy a full kitchen, full bath and territorial view.  This listing is for use of a couch that pulls out into a queen size bed.  The couch is in the living area, but when I am home I will be in the bedroom.  So privacy isn't an issue. Furniture has changed since photos. Great view of downtown from the unit.  Access to a shared patio that has a BBQ during the warm months.  Compared to other Capitol Hill properties, it is a newer construction (2004). Make-yourself breakfast is provided: cereal, eggs, milk, and coffee. This condo has great access to downtown (2 blocks from South Lake Union area), and the exciting dining and nightlife options of Capitol Hill. Bus stops less than a block away.  Light rail station (which connects to the airport) is a 10-15 minute walk.Fun & quirky studio in an unbeatable location in Seattle's most vibrant 'hood. Stocked beyond the basics for an extraordinary stay! Old world charm meets cozy retreat/home away from home. Perfect for relaxing after an exciting day exploring the city! No cleaning fee & parking available for $10/night. My bright studio is full of quirky old world charm and lots of light. This is a corner unit on the back side of the building facing the back yard and shielded from the street noise. I have a fully stocked kitchen if you feel like making a meal. Bathroom has your basics such as body wash, shampoo & conditioner as well as a few extras like a flat iron, hair dryer, and some styling products. Forgot something? Toothbrush? Toothpaste? Dental floss? Q-tips? Razor? Don't worry I got you covered!  Please note that this is an older building with hardwood floors in the middle of the most lively neighborhood in town. If you need absolute silence to enjoy your stay this is not a good fit. There is alw* We're currently not taking new guests from October 2015 to late-January 2016. If you are a returning guest interested in staying here during that time, please contact us for availability. * We welcome you to stay in a modern townhouse on 15th Avenue right in the heart of Capitol Hill.  There are dozens of restaurants and shops within walking distance, including multiple ice cream parlors and a local food co-op.  Direct buses to downtown are a half-block away, although walking only takes about 20 minutes and is sometimes faster. This bedroom has a queen bed and private bath (including tub) and is on the 1st floor of a 3-story townhouse.  Your window looks out onto the patio and you will be right next to the patio access. The townhouse is set back from the main street, so it is remarkably quiet for the urban location. The kitchen, dining and living rooms are on the second floor. Enjoy our gas fireplace and peek-a-boo view of the Space Needle.  Our kitchen, including coffee/tea and simpCharming daylight basement unit in the heart of Seattle.  Gorgeous, private unit available as a 1BR or 2 BR with a private patio entrance.  Nestled in Capitol Hill, minutes to Downtown, U of W, Seattle U, and many parks!  Parking Available! Rare private entry space on Capitol Hill within walking distance to everything Seattle has to offer. Illuminated driveway leads you to the separate entrance with private patio for guests only. This is a wonderful secured entry space offering two rooms with a shared or private living space. (depending on your booking choice) & hotel style kitchenette (no stove or kitchen sink). Very peaceful, tree lined street.  Nestled amongst Broadway Ave.,  Cal Anderson Park,  Pike-Pine Corridor,  15th Ave., hospitals, 10 minute walk to Volunteer Park,  walk to Seattle University, Seattle Central college and a 25 minute walk to Pike's Market, convention center,through downtown.  Short bus to UW. Sought after private entrance at the end of the illuminated driveway One-bedroom condo with a loft in The Bungalows, a 1923 cottage community in Capitol Hill. With old world charm and modern touches, it has hardwood flooring, vaulted ceilings, stainless steel appliances, gas stove, and a rain shower. Guests will have access to shared laundry facilities in the basement; shared courtyard with tables, chairs, and adirondacks for outdoor dining and relaxing; and a private alleyway with a small table, chairs, and outdoor string lights. I will leave a gate and house key in a lockbox outside the front gate. I will email the code to guests once they are confirmed. Check in is after 3pm and checkout is by 11am. These times can be flexible with advance notice.  I live and work close by if guests have any issues or need assistance. Located in the heart of Capitol Hill, this condo is around the corner from Broadway avenue, restaurants, coffee shops, and the grocery store. It is located 6 blocks from the Pike/Pine corridor with a vibrant nightlife and renowned restaCome stay at my lovely one bedroom condo which has a pullout couch in the living room, with an additional couch. The location is minutes away from downtown, Pike Place, and Capitol Hill. Great location for conventions. The kitchen has all the things you need to cook your own meal! My place is right across from the convention center, so if you're in town for a convention. Come stay here and enjoy your time in Seattle! Check out all of my positive reviews. The entire apartment with a fully stocked kitchen.  There are so many great restaurants and bars that are within a 15 minute walk from the apartment. Also lots of dancing spots if you're a nightbird! The apartment is next to all the major bus routes that can get you anywhere in King County!This is a modern fully-furnished studio apartment in a brand new building on Capitol Hill. At Roy Street Commons you can enjoy your complete privacy and mingle with our other guests in our common areas, when it suits you. This is a fully-furnished studio designed for one person, but the vast majority of couples who have stayed with us find the intimate space cozy. The unit is compact and the bathroom is separated from the rest of the studio by a curtain. Your completely private studio space includes the following: Closet Shelves Desk Lamp Full Sized Bed Refrigerator Microwave Sink Toilet Shower Central Air You also have access to a common area, which includes the following amenities: Rooftop Deck with 360 degree views Fully-Equipped Kitchen Laundry Facilities Dishwasher Iron & Ironing Board Cable Television 100Mbps Wi-Fi Central Air As we value your time and privacy, we offer 24-hour check-in. The process is seamless and doesn't require any scheduling. On the morning of the day of yourI have a charming 1BD with large windows and a Space Needle-view in trendy Capitol Hill! Ideal location if you're visiting for business or pleasure. Apartment has a 97 Walkscore and is close to restaurants, bars, clubs, coffee shops and bus stops. - 580 sq ft apartment in Capitol Hill, next to all the nightlife, restaurants and shopping. Queen bed in the bedroom, a couch in the living room and an air mattress (if needed!). Can comfortably house 3-4 people. - The building was built in the 1920's. The apartment has charming brick walls and great character. While there is a cleaner who cleans the apartment before each guest, please keep in mind that exposed brick does get dusty. - I'm a passionate traveler and am happy to chat with others about their travels! Kitchen is fully functional with all appliances and guests are free to cook as they prefer. DISTANCE FROM MY APARTMENT TO: Starbucks and other coffee shops- 1-2 blocks away. Pikes Place Market and Seattle Art Museum (SAM) = 10-15 minMake this your refuge for your seattle getaway! Cute and stylish 1+ bedroom with two queen beds, balcony, close to everything Capitol Hill and Seattle has to offer! Walk to great food, parks, museums, coffee, + bars!  On a major bus line! New listing, check my other reviews!! Air plants, white linens, and minimalist design make this the perfect crash pad for your Seattle adventure. One queen bed in main open room and one queen in a small tucked away bedroom. The apartment is accessed through a main door (6 unit complex, small friendly building). Please be respectful of our neighbors, we like them and they like us- we want to keep it that way! If I'm available or you prefer I will greet you and show you around, otherwise there is a keybox that allows you to gain access without me. I'm always a phone call or text away if you need anything! Walk to everything Capitol Hill has to offer! Amazing cafes, restaurants, bars, parks, museums are right out your door.  The apartment is located a fePERFECT LOCATION! This apartment is a quick walk to all of the attractions on Capitol Hill. 5 minute walk to shops/restaurants/bars on Broadway 15 minute walk to pike/pine area 25 minute Walk to Downtown Seattle This apartment is located in one of Capitol Hill's beloved and historic Garden City style apartment complexes.    Spacious and Quiet, yet centrally located in the heart of Capitol Hill, this apartment is within walking distance of all bars/restaurants/shops in the area. Shares a building with 3 other identical apartments.  Neighbors are friendly and extremely quiet. If you have questions, I am staying in another unit across the courtyard and can be reached easily.   This area of Capitol Hill is a quiet, and well-manicured, containing pockets of original/local shops, bars, and restaurants amongst the historic apartment buildings and Seattle family homes. 5 minute walk to Seattle Asian Art Museum and Volunteer park. 5 minute walk to Capitol Hill (Broadway/Pike/Pine/15th/18th/EastBright and beautiful room in an old Craftsman preserved by a carpenter and an artist in the heart of Seattle's hip neighborhood. Has a private bathroom & mantel. Perfect for independent adventurers whom love to eat, drink and explore cities by foot!About Io House: This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for a bunk bed (Upper bunk 2) in a shared room with three other people.  Common area includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. We provide: - High speed Internet - Laundry on-site (detergent provided) - Full kitchen with dishwasher - A back yard with AMAZING location. Studio is on the 2nd floor of a 1940's building between 2 great neighborhoods, Downtown Seattle & Capitol Hill. You will have the whole studio to yourself. The place isn't huge but it has all the basics for a comfortable stay :) Please read the whole listing before booking! This cozy studio apartment is great for anyone looking to explore Seattle on a budget! It has a small kitchen, a full bathroom with a classic style bathtub, and a full size bed. It's not a huge studio but it does have the necessities for a comfortable stay :) Kitchen notes: It has a stove, oven, refrigerator, sink, and basic cooking tools. However there is no microwave and dishwasher. This apartment unit was built in  1940's. It has gone through only the minimum renovations so as it still retains that classic and old town feel.  Although it is NOT A MODERN SPACE. It is a clean and simple space with character! IMPORTANT: A construction project has recently started next door. They start operating at Lovely townhouse with great views, centrally located in Capitol hill. This listing is for master bedroom of the house with its own bathroom and access to living room and kitchen. Enjoy the Seattle nightlife, restaurants or parks from this accessible location with lots of light and great views of the space needle from all the floors. This capitol hill townhouse with three levels has two bedrooms and two bathrooms. Currently, this listing is for one private bedroom, the master bedroom (on level three with great views). The living room on second level is tastefully decorated with a full-bar and view of space needle. The unit has a washer dryer and there is ample street parking. Each level has patios to enjoy the great outdoors, perfect for that summer afternoon of grilling! The unit is a block from Safeway, a block from bus-stop and a block from Cal Anderson park -- a walkers paradise! This dwelling prides great hosts and a very friendly community. The house has a security camera at the eThis spacious one bedroom is in a beautiful historic building. Curl up on the couch with a cup of tea after an afternoon walk through Capitol Hill or pour yourself a cocktail before dinner at one of the many great restaurants within walking distance! Rooftop featuring panoramic view of Seattle Extremely close to bus stops and the new link light rail!This one bedroom (full bed) apartment in the heart of Capitol Hill is light-filled even on the rainiest Seattle morning. Recently renovated, the home includes vintage Wedgwood stove, pocket doors, clawfoot tub, beautiful hardwood floors, and private entrance. Could not be more centrally located, in Seattle's original "gayborhood." On a corner lot, this house faces South and West and tons of light floods the first floor space. The apartment is up several stairs from the street and there is no handicapped access. Guests have a private entrance, full kitchen, living room, dining space, bedroom, and full bath (the bathtub is a clawfoot, so people with mobility issues could have trouble getting in and out.) Guests have access to a zone 4 (Capitol Hill area) parking pass (there is no off-street parking, but the pass allows you to park on-street). There is laundry in the basement.  We live upstairs with two young kids and a quiet old dog. We will meet you to give you the key and show you the This brand new studio - right in the hip Capitol Hill area - is ideal for a couple. It has a stunning view of downtown. The apartment is on a corner and has large windows + balcony that fits two people and a side table. Ideal to watch the sunset.    This place opened less than a year ago and thus feels brand new. A modern stylish and minimal look has been established using Scandinavian design furniture. The studio has a balcony that easily fits two people, ideally for breakfast in summer. The apartment is on a corner with a stunning view of Downtown Seattle. For an even better view including the space needle, bring a visit to the roof deck where you find comfortable couches and a BBQ. You will have access to the studio apartment including brand new washer and dryer and dishwasher plus a balcony. You'll also get access to the roof top. Outside of office hours I'll be living only one block away, and thus can be available to show you around or to help out if needed. This studio apartment I am listing a studio for rental during the period of 2/7-3/7.  This is the only time period when it will be available, and I prefer a renter who will rent for at least 2 weeks.  Open one bedroom close to nightlife, great restaurants, 15 min walk to downtown seattle, 5 min uber ride.  Beautiful rooftop view, with clubhouse.  Stay in and enjoy the view or venture out and enjoy what seattle has to offer.I look forward to having you as a guest in my home while I'm off on vacation! - Huge living/dining room - Fully equipped kitchen - No-distractions bedroom - Wi-Fi - Street parking and great buses - Key box I welcome 1 or 2 guests! For more please inquire. The couch is comfortable to sleep on too. It's a two-bedroom place. One (left) is all yours, and the other is just for my stuff as I'll be gone. Seattle Metro bus routes 8 (Seattle Center) and 43 (downtown, University of Washington) stop right on the block! Welcome to use the courtyard, patio, and laundry. I won't be here, so make yourself at home! I have the space cleaned between guests. Capitol Hill is a first-class walkable neighborhood! There are dozens of bars and restaurants within 1/2 mile, plus a great grocery store 3 blocks away. See my Guidebook for many recos. Seattle Metro bus routes 8 (Seattle Center) and 43 (downtown or University of Washington) stop right on the block, covering many of Seattle's attractions. Most blocksVery nice one open studio located in the heart of capitol hill. Apartment is on the 7th floor, located on 14th avenue (between pike and pine) and has an incredible view on the city and space needle. Residency is one of the best in the neighborhood.Old world, beautifuly restored building at 14th and Pine on Capitol Hill in Seattle.  This updated studio has a spacious bathroom with a clawfoot tub, hardwood floors, bay window and a perfect, clean and efficient kitchen. With a Walk Score of 98 and easy access to multiple bus stops, you hardly need a car.  This, cozy, refurbished, top floor apartment is the perfect in-city oasis. On-site laundry is available for guests that accepts credit cards.  Guests can also enjoy cable tv on the flat screen and in-room wifi. We're happy to to offer any suggestions or recommendations for your stay in Seattle! The Pike/Pine area on Capitol is a bustling neighborhood of restaurants, coffee shops and nightlife--yet it is also very close to downtown Seattle or the more residential areas of Capitol Hill.  The Walk Score of 98 kind of sums up the location, it's a walker's paradise and easy to get anywhere. Street parking is available generally available but gets a bit tighter at night.  The #11 bus to About Io House: This is a home for itinerant techies - entrepreneurs, coders, inventors, designers, and scientists. The idea is to interact with the other residents, and for you to leave with your strongest memories being of the people you met here. This house is located in the heart of North Capitol Hill, at its closest point to South Lake Union. You've got the convenience of the restaurants and activity of Capitol Hill, and a full QFC supermarket two blocks away, while located an easy walk from TechStars (1.2 miles walk), CodeFellows, Amazon SLU, etc. It has a WalkScore of 95/100. Bed: this listing is for an extra-long twin bed in a shared room with one other person.  Common area includes: a living room on the main floor, a large converted attic designed as work space, a full kitchen, shared bathrooms, and a large basement suitable for bike/luggage storage. We provide: - High speed Internet - Laundry on-site (detergent provided) - Full kitchen with dishwasher - A back yard with picniIn the heart of Capitol Hill with easy access to Downtown. Two blocks from Sunday farmer's market. Well stocked kitchen equipped for cooking. Girl in picture not included with rental. Sorry.You can have it all! Come stay in the HEART of Seattle's oldest and hippest neighborhood!  This apartment is located in a quiet, peaceful part of Capitol Hill, yet is walking distance to all the best bars, cafes, restaurants, and shops. This apartment is beautiful, cozy, and quiet.  We make an effort to create a peaceful space that we enjoy living in, so we hope you enjoy the stay.  Our hope is that you'll have everything you need while you're here and if you have any requests, please let us know ahead of time so we can do our best to accommodate you. My partner and I likely won't meet you but will be available via phone or text throughout your stay.  Please contact us for whatever you need! The list could go on forever, but be sure to check out these spots in walking distance! - Volunteer Park and the Volunteer Park Conservatory - Volunteer Park Cafe - Harry's Bar for good ol' pizza and beer - Liberty for sushi and great cocktails - Cafe Ladro for a fantastic latte - Witness for good Gorgeous apartment off Broadway and in the heart of Capitol Hill that is impeccably decorated & cleaned. 2 Queen bedrooms and gleaming bathroom. 5***** Star Reviews for 6 years!! Check out this incredible apartment and you will not regret it. We have thought of those tiny details that will make your stay worry free. This beautiful and immaculate haven is for those with discerning taste and a high standard of cleanliness. It will comfortably accommodate up to 4 people. With a 97 walk score, everything you might want is close at hand. The apartment is on the lower level of our 1907 home lovingly renovated by my husband and I. It is a fully enclosed apartment with a separate entrance and is completely private and serene. We are conveniently located on a quiet street only one block behind (east) Broadway.  KITCHEN: -The fully stocked kitchen was lovingly renovated by us very recently with all the comforts to make it easy to cook and clean up. Tea & Coffee are included. -Amenities include: A bright and spacious 2 level tudor style apartment in the heart of Capitol Hill, a block from Broadway and walking distance to many of Seattle's attractions. The feel and comfort of home while still being in the middle of it all. This is a one of a kind building in Seattle. Built in the early 20th century, this charming tudor style building is known in the neighborhood. A spacious, bright 2 bedroom apartment great for any getaway. Capitol Hill is a popular neighborhood, full of great restaurants, shops, parks, and night life all within walking distance.Charming daylight basement unit, private, 2 BR with separate entrance, private patio, hotel style kitchenette in the heart of Seattle.  Nestled in Capitol Hill, minutes to Downtown, U of W, Seattle University, and many parks! Parking Available! The unit is located in the basement of a 1900's Victorian style home.  Rare private entry space on Capitol Hill within walking distance to everything Seattle has to offer. Illuminated driveway leads you to the separate entrance with private patio for registered guests. This is a wonderful secured entry space offering 2 bedrooms  with  private living space & hotel style kitchenette (no stove or kitchen sink). Very peaceful, tree lined street. Nestled amongst Broadway Ave., Cal Anderson Park, Pike-Pine Corridor, 15th Ave., hospitals, 10 minute walk to Volunteer Park, walk to Seattle University, Seattle Central college and a 25 minute walk to Pike's Market, convention center, through downtown. Short bus to UW. Sought after private entrance at the eSecure building and safe neighborhood with great city views.  Walking distance to nightlife, restaurants, boutiques and pedestrian-oriented streets. Near bus stops and within walking distance to Downtown.   Smoking & Pets are not allowed.Centrally located in Capitol Hill only 1.2 miles from Pike Place Market and only 1.5 miles from the Space Needle, guests will have no problem exploring Seattle during the daytime while being only blocks away from some of Seattle most vibrant areas.600 SF retro apartment in the heart of capitol hill. MCM and live edge furniture throughout. Smaller kitchen and bath, but still plenty of room to make yourself at home. One free parking spot on premises.Seattle Downtown Lux Vacation Rental, artsy and eclectic In the capital hill area.  Near Convention Center, Century Link and all attractions!  The condo rental in Seattle, with access to roof garden with a view, near to bars and boutiques! Downtown! Clean, sexy, chic, fun artsy condo rental  in wonderful, family-friendly and business traveler friendly location in the heart of a great neighborhood.   70 in tv and 50 in tv mini fridge ensuite!  Breweries, pubs, restaurants, and cool shopping, as well as near Amazon and many other great companies on capital hill, 3 blocks from downtown all within walking distance. This private condo rental in Seattl offers wonderful outdoor space on rooftop in a fun neighborhood with plenty of shops, restaurants and entertainment. 2 minutes from downtown, Lake Union, Queen Anne, Ballard, Capitol Hill, and the University of Washington....this house is perfect for groups up to 6 and families looking to make the most out of Seattle. It is great for business This generous 1 bedroom apartment is in the heart of Capitol Hill, around the corner from many restaurants, cafe's, shops, and walkable to downtown. Located in the corner of an old brick building, the apartment has lots of windows and light. The apartment has a large living and dining room furnished with modern furniture. The kitchen has all the essentials and features two south facing windows and a small table, perfect for coffee and breakfasts. A large bedroom occupies the corner of the building providing lots of windows and a peak of the downtown skyline. The unit has hardwood floors throughout and is tastefully decorated. Your trip to Seattle will be highlighted by this space to call home. We will be available through email, text or phone calls if necessary. Capitol hill is centrally located neighborhood with tons of things to do. Great restaurants and bars around the corner and close to volunteer park and downtown. Very walkable. The apartment is located in the more quite part of Capitol Hill, modern, new apartment in a great location! Luxurious and completely remodeled apartment in the best location on Capitol Hill. This apartment is located just a few blocks from Seattle's famous Broadway Avenue and has a view of the Puget Sound and Seattle skyline. With a Walkscore of 98, you can't beat the location! The apartment was just completely renovated by acclaimed interior designer, Michelle Tomy of Belle Grey Design. Everything is spotless, brand new and done to a very high standard. The most comfortable linens and finishes make the apartment as luxurious as a 5 star hotel. 2 flat screen cable TV's,  wifi, free long distance, a Wii game console, modern and brand new kitchen and bath.  This is a spacious, light filled, one bedroom apartment with a king bed and a queen sized sofa sleeper. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need for those days when you don't want to dine at any of the wonderful neighborhood restaurants.  The apartment is equipped with aLarge one bedroom (~700 sq feet) apartment in Capitol Hill neighborhood. Fully furnished with modern furniture, full kitchen, very clean and cozy. Place is close to South Lake Union, Belltown, University of Washington, Queen Anne and Fremont. Large one bedroom with queen-size bed. Fully functional kitchen with basic amenities like full-size refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave etc. Living room offers couch (can sleep another person), 42' LCD TV and Blu-Ray DVD player (no cable), large bar-style dinning table. Apartment also has patio with table and chairs to enjoy coffee/drinks outside. Full access to the apartment. Either me or my friend will be available to help if needed. Located very close to Capitol Hill area, which offers a lot of nice restaurants and bars. Space Needle and Lake Union view from the front of condominium complex. Free street parking available near the apartment at most times. In close access to South Lake Union, Queen Anne, Downtown, First Hill, University of WashiThis is a great 3 floor, old world charm building. It was originally built as a hotel in 1926. The bathroom comes with sink, shower, and original bath tub. Floors are wood and tile. Studio also equipped with microwave. Close to buses. Built in 1926, this studio has Hardwood/tile flooring, original porcelain bathtub, sink and shower. Modern amenities stove,microwave,fridge WiFi Internet ,buzzer to front door. Towels,blankets, dishes,cutlery,hangers,hair dryer,flatiron Text, call, or email me at anytime! Great food, bars, and parks all within walking distance. Smith, bakery nouveau, and volunteer park are my favorites. There are literally buses so close that can take you anywhere. There's a Safeway right across the street, and a 7-11 pretty close to! Bus lines 8,43, and 10 are right outside. You can be downtown in 10 minutes! Many people use Uber, lyft, or cabs to get to and from the airportComfortable, light-filled duplex on the top floor of a beautiful house on the Hill! Centrally located on a quiet street, two blocks from Broadway, Cal Anderson Park, and 15th St. Enjoy a remodeled home with everything you need in walking distance. Private entrance on ground level the leads up to the space. Full size bed that comfortably sleeps two, with a large couch and air mattress for additional guests. The space was recently remodeled with granite countertops, new appliances, and new carpet. There's a 48" HD LCD with surround sound. Guests have access to the entire apartment, coin-operated washer & dryer in the basement, and reserved off-street parking 1.5 blocks away. We generally interact face-to-face when exchanging keys, but always give guests cell numbers in case they have questions or want some recommendations for the area. Right in the heart of Seattle's thriving Capitol Hill neighborhood, 2 blocks from Broadway and 3 blocks from fun 15th Street. Many of Seattle's most populA contemporary 2 bedroom, 2 bath condo overlooking the Seattle skyline, include views of Lake Union, Olympic Mountains and the Space Needle.The perfect base camp — 98 walk score, right off Broadway on Capitol Hill. Guest wifi + Mac Mini. Full kitchen (dishes, coffee, etc). Washer + dryer. Queen sized bed in bedroom + queen air mattress in living room. Street parking pass for one vehicle. Welcome to Capitol Hill! This apartment is one of our living spaces, but we're making it available for you to use as a 'base camp' for exploring the city while we're not staying in the neighborhood. We live modest lives, so it's a small apartment with just the basics, but you'll definitely feel more at home here than in a hotel!  We don't have a TV, but we do have wifi and a Mac Mini with a 24" monitor and a guest login in case you don't have a smart phone and need to look something up or print directions.  The apartment is partly below ground, which means you walk down a few steps to get to the front door — the floor is below ground level, but all the windows let in natural light! In addition to the bed, we have an air mattress that sleepBeautiful townhouse located in heart of Capitol Hill. Private room with private bath. 2 blocks east of Broadway. 10 minute walk to the night life. 25 minute walk to the Market. No car needed but parking can be arranged. Washer/Dryer available. Access to the entire house except the owner's room. I'm in and out of the townhouse.  Happy to answer your questions and even grab a drink if I'm free. Best neighborhood in Seattle as the location and unique character defines it.  Easy access to Amazon and Microsoft (if you are coming for work). Walkable to almost everything.  Bus lines to almost everywhere within 2 blocks. Iron (under sink in guest bathroom) available for guest use Hair Dryer (under sink in guest bathroom) available for guest use 3rd shelf of refrigerator available for guest useThis studio is on the top floor of a historical building with a view of Lake Union. Located in the bustling heart of Capitol Hill with easy walking access to several cafes, bars, restaurants, shopping, and a stones throw from downtown. Easy access to freeway(I5)! Street parking. The studio itself is a warm inviting spa like atmosphere with a mesmerizing view. Simplistic and comfy. Open the windows for a cool breeze. Laundry, Courtyard I am always available by phone or text for questions. An eclectic population and large music scene. Quality nightlife walking distance. Individuality and fashion statements are encouraged, and there always seems to be some sort of block party or community forum to encourage residents and visitors to mix and mingle. Street parking surrounding building. Close and easy to several buses.The 27 drives directly outside of the building to downtown.Enjoy this rare 2br home just a few blocks away from the action, yet quiet and close enough to walk to a plethora of restaurants, clubs and shows. Featuring wide planked oak floors, spacious rooms, large kitchen, natural light & parking available This listing is for short-term stays of the main posting ((PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)) that does not allow short stays, but there are openings in the calendar between longer-term stays. This home has wide plank oak floors, leaded glass built-ins, a full, large kitchen, spacious rooms, a fireplace, etc. A home on Capitol Hill is a rarity. Beds are dressed in smooth, comfy sheets for your comfort. The master bedroom is on the main floor, with a regal queen-sized bed and an attached bathroom. The second bedroom is on the lower level. It has a custom new queen sized murphy/wall bed with a super comfortable new memory foam mattress and attached bathroom with shower. The space easily sleeps 6 people: 2 queen beds, a full sized futon in the living-room thaCozy studio walking distance to everything Capitol Hill has to offer. Next door to the  famous Bakery Nouveau & across the street from a bus line that will take you almost anywhere in Seattle! Walk to parks, cafes, bars, and fantastic restaurants! This is a new listing for me, please check out my reviews for my other listing, under my profile page!  Small kitchen with basics for cooking, large bedroom/living room. Entrance to the studio is located at the back of the building, up a flight of exterior stairs. If it works with my schedule I will meet you at the apartment, otherwise I will send check in details that allow you to gain access without me. Capitol Hill is one of Seattle's most vibrant hoods. Walk to awesome restaurants and coffee shops. Located just off 15th Ave, this part of Capitol Hill is quiet and not rowdy like the further west part. You can walk almost anywhere, including Volunteer Park, Downtown, and beyond. Fantastic bus line right across the street, and a quick uber xEnjoy staying in the heart of the coolest neighborhood in Seattle in our comfortable, charming apartment with large, bright bedrooms and plenty of space to relax. Designed by Frederick Anhalt, this place is the perfect home base to explore Seattle! We love the historic charm of our apartment and neighborhood. Plenty of period details and beautiful hardwood floors throughout. The apartment is a duplex, with many vintage pieces (mostly mid-century modern). Downstairs, there is a lovely, open living/dining space and small, but well-equipped kitchen. Upstairs, we have three spacious, sunny bedrooms (plus a fourth bedroom that we use as an office) and the bathroom, plus a teensy balcony. We have it set up as a master bedroom with queen-sized bed, one child's room with twin bunk beds, and another child's room with a twin bed. We have a huge selection of toys, games, Legos, and books for all ages! The apartment is perfect for a family with up to three children. It is a rarity to find a large The Maple is a 5 unit renovated classic brick building.  This well-designed contemporary full height daylight basement unit offers 800 sq feet of quiet comfort in the heart of Capitol Hill, Seattle's most vibrant in-city neighborhood. Our well-designed contemporary apartments offer you 800 square feet of quiet comfort featuring: free high speed wi-fi internet access  *  flatscreen TV  *  free off street parking for one car *  secure building entrances  *  quiet bedroom away from the street with cozy queen bed and down comforter  *  dining room with seating for four  *  fully stocked kitchen with dishwasher, dish soap, complimentary coffee, etc.  *  bathroom with white washcloths and towels, hair dryer, soap and brand new plumbing (great water pressure & a shower that never goes cold)  *   free front load washers and dryers stocked with detergent and dryer sheets in the common space in the back hall  *  Capitol Hill guide with a list of our favorite restaurants, cafes, grocery stores, eYou have a choice between a bean bag chair, couch or inflatable bed.  In the north side of Capital Hill, you'd be close to public transportation that can get you to the University or Downtown fairly quickly, as well as many restaurants.Enjoy exploring Seattle in style from this updated bright apartment featuring contemporary furnishings, large windows framing a space needle view, indoor hammock for two, fully stocked kitchen with gas range, private parking lot, complementary Champagne and rosé wine, orignal art, indoor plants, a modern queen bed with premium white linens, hotel grade towels, and more. Less than 15 minutes to the Space Needle, Pike's Place Market, and Downtown. 3 blocks from Broadway, and Pike/Pine streets. --= STREET PARKING PERMIT INCLUDED=-- Gorgeous bright classic apartment features hardwood flooring thought, indoor hammock for two, custom live edge table for four with view of the space needle, and a fully stocked kitchen with gas range.  Large windows flood the space with sunlight, and the large closets provide lots of space to keep your things out of the way.  Queen bed sleeps two, plus a folding contemporary couch with bedding sleeps a third. The location could not be better with a walk score oCharming, cozy mid century studio apartment. Close to the heart of Capitol Hill, but far enough away for it to be quiet. Close to 47, 43, 8 bus lines. Walk downtown in 15 minutes. Hardwood floors, full kitchen, Internet, a lot of light.1 bedroom apartment in NE Capitol Hill, blocks from Volunteer Park and right on 15th Ave where there is an abundance of coffee shops, restaurants  etc.The apartment has a unique lay out, with 10 ft high ceilings and hardwood floors. The building was a single family home and my apartment was the old ground floor with a front door. The layout is unique with tons of natural light, ten foot high ceilings and hardwood floors throughout. There are neighbors below with a quiet dog and neighbors upstairs (with carpet). It is a quiet building with all of us being working professionals late 20s to mid 30s Guests have full use of kitchen, living room, bathroom and bedroom. There is an in unit washer dryer which can be used within reason and Direct TV. I live right on 15th avenue where there are some restaurants, bars, coffee shops and bakeries. There are 2 QFC grocery stores, a Safeway and a Trader Joes all within a mile of the building.   This is the quiet side of Capitol Hill. It is more matureLocated in Seattle's hippest neighborhood, this charming, one of a kind apartment will make you feel at home in the city! Stylishly decorated, and centrally located, just a few blocks from Broadway. Come stay in a beautifully restored classic Capitol Hill apartment! This  1,000 sq ft space is the best unit in our building. It has hardwood floors,  french doors & SW facing windows that provide an amazing view of downtown & the Space needle! The apartment is decorated with a great mix of antiques, art and personality. The entry way of the apartment has a nook for your shoes and coats. There is a gigantic dressing room with plenty of space to store your things. Fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher! Great water pressure and plenty of hot water. There is a comfy air mattress to accommodate an extra person.  Located on a quieter street right next to the Russian Church, you will be shocked by how close you are to everything. The building is a few blocks from 5 bus lines that will take youAll new bed and furniture, stay in the heart of the Capitol Hill neighborhood. Private bedroom and bathroom.  Access to rooftop  with bbq and views of downtown. Enjoy all the amenities of one of Seattle's finest luxury apartments.I live here with my 3 y/o daughter.  My apartment is in a perfect location in Capital Hill. Library, Bars, Food SUPER CLOSE! My room is connected to the living room and there's an addition room (my daughters) filled with toys. Great for your kids. My room has a queen size bed, a couch, large television and some of my instruments ( keyboard, guitar). Kids room has a toddler bed a toy tent and some more toys, always clean.  I personally think my view rocks! I have a corner unit and its on the second floor, I people watch all day and I never really need to use my lights. Natural sunlight all day! It's really a great spot. I have a ton of books and records. My record player isn't fancy but its sounds pretty good! You will have access to all of it. Of course if you don't have children I ask you keep out of the bedroom. *Safe Neighborhood* Access doors.   Keys supplied at check in. I will be available. I'm not sure what you'll need, Ill keep some towels and snacks out but i'll be close by. THello Travelers! This is a 2 bed bedroom + 1 bed library in the Ballard neighborhood, 1 mile from the Ballard Locks and Golden Gardens.  Walking distance to Ballard restaurants & bars. Bus stop very close. Free parking. Comfy spot: you found it! The homeowner is a painter, so the house has lovely unique watercolor painting all over! It's an art gallery! Common rooms are open for your enjoyment. Kitchen, Living room + TV, washer/dryer, private back yard with BBQ capability. If we are around the house, we always like to chat. If you are shy, or just doing your own thing, that's fine too. No pressure. And, if you'd like to share some meals or drinks with us, that would be fun. Walking distance to Golden Gardens Beach, Ballard Locks, old Ballard. Very close to the Nordic Heritage Museum. The bus stop is right around the corner, to get downtown or N. Gate. We are a shoes-off-inside-the-house place.  We are not vegetarian per se, but we are very vegan/vegetarian friendly. Likewise if you wanCozy Cottage with separate entry in a lovely, leafy backyard.    Hardwood floor studio with full bathroom.  Pull out Queen Size sofa bed with 3 inch memory foam topper.  Very comfy!  10 Blocks from main Ballard area shops, stores, and restaurants. This a wonderfully done converted garage.  It shares the property with my home, a 1900 Victorian.  You have a separate entrance via sliding glass door.  Hardwood floors, full bath, queen size sofa bed with 3 inch memory foam topper.  Kitchenette fully stocked with fridge, freezer, microwave, toaster oven, coffee maker and also dishes, silverware and glasses. We have a backyard patio that you are welcome to use as well as the cottage. As we live on the property we can help you if you need anything but we are happy to let you come and go as you please. Ballard is a wonderful neighborhood with lots of great shops, restaurants, bars, music venues etc.   Including:  7-9 breweries within about a mile! Several wonderful dessert places from gourmet pOversized studio, high-end king bed, lots of sunlight & awesome furniture!  Easily sleeps 3-4, private shower, Sonos music, shuffleboard & more!  Award winning pizza, coffee, bakery, and many restaurants within a 5 block walk. Unbeatable location! The Eva Rose building is a very cool green-built 4-story building in Ballard (Seattle) with lots of windows, skylights, natural light, commercial finishes and appliances, and outdoor decks. This studio apartment is furnished with high-end beds and linens, comfortable and stylish West Elm and Knoll furnishings, and is located in an unbeatable location in Ballard that has a walk score of 85+ and provides direct no-transfer bus access to downtown Seattle in less than 25 minutes via the Rapid Ride D line. * The entire Ballard core is less than 15 blocks away * Eva Rose is right on the D Line/Rapid Ride, which gives access to downtown Seattle in less than 25 minutes, with no transfers * Grocery store (Safeway) within 10 walking blocks. A 2nd/3rd gA 1911 residential home with grand formal living spaces, high ceilings and large windows. This main floor unit  features 2 bedrooms, 1 bath, a full kitchen with an eating space, two full couches (one is a sofa bed), a piano and formal dining for six! This residential home was built in 1911 with high ceilings and large  windows. The living room and dining room are especially grand and there is a full sized kitchen with eating space. Two bedrooms include one with a double bed and one with a queen bed and one of the two couches in the living room pulls out into a third bed that will sleep two more. A cozy freshly remodeled bathroom with large tub and shower with stylish new tile. The kitchen is full sized and  includes plenty of counter space and a small eating space. There is a set of dishes to accommodate 6 and lots of cabinets. There is a blue bedroom and a yellow bedroom both have a dresser and a closet. Street parking is plentiful. Coin op washer and dryer in the basement. You have aOur lovely one bedroom is set right smack dab in the middle of historic Ballard! Just 10 minutes on foot above the exciting Ballard Ave., you'll find everything you need within walking distance of the apartment. Come spend an evening on our deck! You'll have access to the entire apartment, which includes a laundry room on the basement floor. I love communicating with people who are staying in our apartment! Making Seattle recommendations is one of my favorite things, so make sure and ask! Ballard is one of the most loved neighborhoods of Seattle. It is packed with restaurants, bars & coffee shops. Everything has a Scandinavian feel, and is incredibly walkable. We live right across the street from the 40 bus line. The 40 will take you through Ballard, and straight into downtown for $2.50 a ride.Private bedroom in a beautiful house located in the great neighborhood of Ballard - close to Downtown Seattle •Comfortable bed for two people •Big backyard and free parking on the premises •Short walk to bus stop, stores, and restaurants My calendar is always updated. If you see the calendar is available for the dates you need, you can go ahead and book it :) Your space is a private bedroom in a beautiful house located in one of the best neighborhood in Ballard that is really close to Downtown Seattle. The room has window that will give you the natural sunlight The room has a closet where you can store your luggage The room has a nice carpet What will you have in your space: • One comfortable bed • One nightstand with night light • Full length mirror • Fresh pillows, bed sheet, and comforter • Towels, soap, and shampoo can be provided if needed I provide house manual book once guests arrive. • Your awesome space: private bedroom • Bathroom: With combination of shower and bathtub. I wilWe recently purchased this adorable quintessential Seattle Tiny Bungalow and have begun transforming it into an awesome home.  We also have a gypsy trailer! We love opening our doors when were out of (URL HIDDEN) you can feel at home here! This is a tiny 500sq ft free standing bungalow... we have a LONG driveway that will fit 2 (URL HIDDEN) well as on street parking.... there is a washer and dryer in the basement and you are welcome to use it.  We just purchased this home recently...and are in the midst of some renovations..but for now its perfectly cozy and charming and lovely.  A great place for a Seattle vacation. Please be aware that were doing loads of home improvements on our property so the grounds may not be wonderful yet.  Im reminded of those signs you always see in stores that say 'pardon us on our way to becoming magnificent' we are truly in our butterfly chrysalis stage. Also! We have kittens!  so as our guest youll be playing with them.  No doubt about it.  These two littSunny private room for rent in Ballard on a very quiet residential street. Craftsman style house with shared living room, kitchen and bathroom.     Sunny private room for rent in Ballard and on a very quiet residential street. Craftsman style house with shared living room, TV room, kitchen and bathroom. If it's nice out - by all means lounge in the backyard - picture included!  You are a 20-30 minute walk from downtown Ballard  - including all the hot spots - Walrus and Carpenter, Cafe Besalu, Ocho and much more! Close to Shilshole and Ballard Locks. For everything Ballard go to myballard on the web.  It's a short 3 block walk to bus lines (18, 40). Downtown is a 20 minute drive and by bus 40 minutes (local) or 20-25 (express). Wifi included. I also provide towels, shampoo and conditioner, soap and hair dryer. Free brewed coffee and tea also available as well as granola bars and water in your room. You are welcome to use the kitchen and cook your meals if you would like.   Please let mThis is a fantastic space, located in Ballard--home of Seattle's growing brewery district, near historic Ballard Ave. Rent an entire, private 800 square foot full ceiling height finished basement. Very comfortable space, that can accommodate a couple with the existing bed, or a family with additional bedding available. The space available is a the entire, daylight, full ceiling height finished basement.  It is approximately 800 square feet.  It is a warm, comfortable space with a queen sized bed.  I can provide additional bedding, if requested, to accommodate families travelling with children. I have equipped a small kitchenette with a coffee machine, toaster, hot plate, microwave, small refrigerator and basic utensils.   The space features a private bathroom that will have fresh towels, and toiletries. Also provided is an iron and ironing board, as well as a movie projector and games.  Please note that the TV in the photo does not have cable, it is primarily used for the Wii and does Two rooms upstairs, each with a bed that can accommodate two people. Half-bathroom upstairs (toilet and sink), full bathroom downstairs. Full kitchen, dining area, living room, and laundry room. Plus, use of bicycles to get around or for fun if you like. Please ask any questions you may have. This is an old house with modern amenities. Private bedroom, with window. Full bathroom, plus half-bathroom. Kitchen with dishwasher & dining room. Clothes washing machine and dryer, behind kitchen. Happy to exchange conversation, as much or little as is comfortable. Fantastic area, right next to Old Ballard, with plenty to see and do, without too must hustle and bustle.  Enjoy cafes, bakeries, restaurants, supermarkets, parks, library, and even a cinema. Golden Gardens beach is nearby.  Easy to get downtown, U-District, hospitals, airport, etc, whatever brings you to town, or if you are already here and just need a temporary place to stay. Yes, there's a bus-stop a block away. Also, Uber, Lyft, CGreetings travelers!  This deluxe room features a comfy full-sized bed and full bath. Located in Ballard in a family-friendly neighborhood, you are in walking distance from shops, restaurants, and parks with beautiful view of the Puget Sound! Just one block from transport, downtown Ballard is an easy 10-minute walk away with tons of fantastic and shops, restaurants, music venues and more. Easy access to Fremont, Greenlake and Wallingford neighborhoods as well as Puget Sound with Shilshole Marina and Golden Gardens beach and park in the neighborhood. Guests can access the house from the front or the back deck entrance. I will be available by phone or text to answer questions. Nestled in a family-friendly neighborhood, you'll find this space will soon feel like a second home. Plenty of street parking and the space is one block away from main bus routes. Since this is a shared house, guests can expect roommates coming in and out of the house at various times. They are all kind young profeTwo rooms upstairs, each with a bed that can accommodate two people. Half-bathroom upstairs (toilet and sink), full bathroom downstairs. Full kitchen, dining area, living room, and laundry room. Plus, use of bicycles to get around or for fun if you like. Please ask any questions you may have. This is an old house with modern amenities. Private bedroom, with deck. Full bathroom, plus half-bathroom. Kitchen with dishwasher & dining room. Clothes washing machine and dryer, behind kitchen. Happy to exchange conversation, as much or little as is comfortable. Fantastic area, right next to Old Ballard, with plenty to see and do, without too must hustle and bustle.  Enjoy cafes, bakeries, restaurants, supermarkets, parks, library, and even a cinema. Golden Gardens beach is nearby.  Easy to get downtown, U-District, hospitals, airport, etc, whatever brings you to town, or if you are already here and just need a temporary place to stay. Yes, there's a bus-stop a block away. Also, Uber, Lyft, CarPre-funk in your very own, very chill Seventies pad before heading out to the Ballard bars, voted Seattle's hottest neighborhood 3 years in a row. This private room is on the top floor of a house shared with a group of twenty-somethings. This particular room has a great 1970's vibe. Featuring a king size bed, television (basic cable, DVD player, VCR) and plenty of space for your belongings. Guests will have access to the shared bathroom, the kitchen if you would like to cook, living room and backyard for summertime tanning. Myself and other friends live in the home and are always willing help! Located in residential Ballard, one of Seattle's most renowned neighborhoods, your are just a 15 minute walk or $4 Uber ride to Ballard's plethora of bars, music venues, restaurants, coffee shops, tea rooms, record stores, movie theaters, designer stores, vintage shopping and some of Seattle's best parks and attractions including Golden Gardens and the Ballard Locks. Just one block away from the Beautiful renovated house in Ballard with a gourmet kitchen, wolf appliances, etc.  Fenced in back yard with an awesome deck.  You'll have a private room, bathroom, and access to kitchen and house.A light filled newer craftsman home in the heart of Ballard with quick access to  parks, restaurants and shops. You'll find a well appointed kitchen and a comfortable living room with  couch and large TV. The bedroom has a queen size bed  and there is a full bath and washer and dryer. With key code access to the separate entrance, you will have a spacious and bright kitchen, 1 full bathroom, a bedroom with a queens size bed and a comfortable new couch. If you need, we will happily welcome you to the apartment and give you pointers about sights to see or restaurants to try. But the apartment is completely separate from our house so you will have all the privacy that you need. Ballard is an amazing, very walkable neighborhood with great restaurants, shops, beautiful parks (Golden Gardens and the Hiram M. Chittenden Locks are easy walks), and quick access to many wonderful neighborhoods via the bus or a short-drive. We are a short 5 minute/5 block walk to the bus which will take you downtOne bedroom available in cute Ballard house. 3 minute drive or 20 minute walk to Ballard central. 15 minutes to downtown Seattle. 1/2 block to bus line. Lots of street parking as well as room for two cars in driveway behind house. Private room separated from main living area. Feel free to treat the kitchen as your own. Fully stocked with more pots, pans, and spices that you'll ever need. I may or may not be around during your stay. I'll happily give you tips on my favorite things to do in Seattle. I'm a rare native. Trendy bars, restaurants, and cute independent shops. Year round farmer's market on Sundays. 1/2 block to bus line. 15 minutes to downtown. Close to Fremont, Wallingford, University of Washington There is a cat that lives here. He's shy with new people so he probably won't be around.Large bedroom suite in daylight basement with small refrigerator/microwave/induction cooktop/electric kettle outside room and exclusive guest bathroom. Please contact me to check dates and tell me a bit about yourself when requesting a booking. The calendar is accurate, but I might be in communication with other guests. NOTE: If you would like to check the pricing for your specific dates, you can enter the dates you are interested in and click "book it", the next screen will show you the final price before you process payment and confirm. What you'll enjoy by staying here: + a large (17.5 x 10.5 feet), quiet, very private guest bedroom in our daylight basement. + exclusive access to a full bathroom on the same level as the guest bedroom. bathroom includes hair dryer, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, lotion and towels for your convenience. + a very comfortable queen bed with pillow top mattress and quality down comforter. + a full-size comfortable couch with down and foam cushions (witThis charming flat is located in North Ballard, mere steps from major bus lines. Guest room sleeps two with hotel bedding and down pillows. Private entrance via the large back patio. Blocks from Ballard Market, Delancey Pizza, and world class dining! This recently restored 1928 brick Tudor has all modern updates while keeping the original period design and fixtures. All construction is new and the space is furnished with solid-wood and real leather pieces.  The guest room includes a queen size bed with fresh hotel style linens and down-feather pillows, full closet, leather reading chair, and dimmable center light.  Fully appointed kitchen includes complimentary Keurig coffee and beers in the fridge. Living room includes leather sofa and cable TV. The large back patio is great for enjoying a morning coffee or an evening fire around the outdoor fireplace fully stocked with fire wood.  The built-in gas grill is great for cooking outside. Washer dryer with complimentary detergent is locateSpacious upstairs unit. Vintage charm. Updated bath, 2 bedrms, full kitchen, dining room, and living room! Located in the vibrant Ballard neighborhood filled with restaurants, bars, coffee shops and boutiques! The Ballard Locks and Puget Sound too! This residential home was built in 1911 and has the warmth of hard wood floors, high ceilings and single hung windows. The bathroom is spacious and recently remodeled with stylish tiled tub surrounding the clawfoot tub and shower. The kitchen has an eating space that seats four people and includes plenty of counter space. There is a set of dishes to accommodate 6 and a handy little pantry for food storage. There is a coffee maker, dishwasher and a microwave. A sweet little balcony off the kitchen and distant views to the Olympic mountains from both the kitchen and back bedroom. Both bedrooms are large with good closet space. The dining room has a table that seats 6 and there is a large TV and pull out couch in the living room. Street parkingPrivate bedroom in a beautiful house located in the great neighborhood of Ballard - close to Downtown Seattle •Comfortable bed for two people •Big backyard and free parking on the premises •Short walk to bus stop, stores, and restaurants My calendar is always updated. If you see the calendar is available for the dates you need, you can go ahead and book it :) Your space is a private bedroom in a beautiful house located in one of the best neighborhood in Ballard that is really close to Downtown Seattle. The room has window that will give you the natural sunlight The room has a closet where you can store your luggage The room has a nice carpet What will you have in your space: • One comfortable bed > for guests of 3 or 4, I provide an additional bed. • One nightstand with night light • Full length mirror • Fresh pillows, bed sheet, and comforter • Towels, soap, and shampoo can be provided if needed I provide house manual book once guests arrive. • Your awesome space: private bedroom • BaOur home is a beautiful 1920's Craftsman that has been updated with modern design and has a wonderful yard. Our street is quiet and family-friendly, with plenty of parking, and we're a quick trip to downtown. Our home is a beautiful mix of historic Craftsman architecture with modern design and landscaping updates. As a design professional, our home is full of beautiful colors, designer touches, and a sense of joy. We have 3 bedrooms and 4 beds. There is a queen size bed in the master, a twin in the blue room, and 2 twins in the pink room. We have a great yard, which was designed by a local Landscape Architect, and we live outside in the summer - grilling dinner on the deck off of the kitchen, eating on the patio, and then kicking a soccer ball around the yard. We are renting our home for the summer while we are traveling (June 17-August 31). We have a cat, but she will be staying with friends. The house is very clean, so it shouldn't be a problem if you have mild cat allergies. Our entGreen built with lots of windows, natural light, high-end finishes, appliances, and furnishings. Two comfortable beds plus queen sleeper sofa. Award winning pizza, coffee and bakery, and restaurants within a 5 block walk.   Unbeatable location! The Eva Rose building is a very cool green built 4-story building in Ballard (Seattle) with lots of windows, skylights, natural light, high-end commercial finishes and appliances, and outdoor decks.  The apartment is furnished with high-end beds and linens, comfortable and stylish Knoll, Room and Board, and DWR furnishings, and is located in an unbeatable location in Ballard that has a walk score of 85+ and provides direct no-transfer bus access to downtown Seattle in less than 25 minutes via the Rapid Ride D line. * The entire Ballard core is less than 15 blocks away * Eva Rose is right on the D Line/Rapid Ride, which gives access to downtown Seattle in less than 25 minutes, with no transfers  * Grocery store (Safeway) within 10 walking blocks.Comfortable and well equipped one bedroom apartment with a private back yard entrance and full kitchen.  Walking distance to downtown Ballard nightlife, restaurants, live music, cafes, and breweries.    A short distance to downtown Seattle. Full kitchen with gas stove, dishwasher, microwave, toaster over, coffee maker and lots of counter space.  There are stools for eating at the counter or a small dining table.   The TV gets basic channels, and there is wifi and a roku for streaming, or a dvd player and Redbox rentals a few blocks away.   There is a 3/4 bathroom with  plenty of clean towels and great water pressure.  The bedroom is roomy with a very comfortable queen size bed. We have the heat on in the house in the colder months, but additional space heaters are available if needed. The entire apartment is yours and private, with a locked entrance from the back yard.  You'll also have access to a shared laundry room that is just outside the apartment door. There is only street parkinLive Ballard's history while staying at "Treat House" one of Harry Treat's many buildings that surrounded the "Treat Farm" in Ballard.  Your own private residence complete with parking, outdoor area, and a short walk or drive to the saltwater beach. Please visit: (URL HIDDEN) For photos of our property. Location: Ballard, Seattle, Puget Sound, Washington State, USA (Located 7 Miles North of Downtown and 15 Min Walk to Ocean) View Map Accommodations:  Studio, 1 Bedroom + Den, 1 Bath (Sleeps 3) Keywords:  Large Studio on first floor of historic home in Seattle's Ballard neighborhood. Located in Loyal Heights which is just south of Blue Ridge. About 5 minutes drive from Greenwood and Phinney Ridge neighborhoods. Live a part of Seattle's history and enjoy the ocean (Puget Sound) when you stay at the former property of "Harry S. Treat". Located 7 miles North of Downtown Seattle, and just a 15 minute walk to the ocean (Puget Sound) you will find a quiet oasis filled with activities. We respeUpdated 1907 Classic Ballard Neighborhood Home. Sleeps up to 12 guests, 3 bathrooms, 2 fully equipped kitchens, linens and towels provided. This Historic Craftsman home offers 5 bedrooms, 3 full bathrooms with washer and dryer, and 2 kitchens.  Kitchens are fully equipped, gas stove and ovens, dishwasher, and microwave.  This home is a great place for large parties to stay, sleeping up to 12 guests.  All linens and towels provided.   This property is located in the heart of Ballard, walking distance to the best that Ballard has to offer! Just a few blocks away from Ballard's Historic Downtown District where you will find dozens of excellent restaurants, pubs and unique shopping boutiques. Experience one of Seattle's largest farmers markets on Sundays at Ballard Avenue. Also close by explore the The Hiram M. Chittenden Locks, Golden Gardens Waterfront Park, Woodland Park Zoo, and Fremont's unique Neighborhood along the ship canal. There are many close by bus stops for public transportatThis home is a perfect place to relax, make dinner, and even work (I work from home when I'm here). After walking to Sunset Hill Park, or spending the evening out in Ballard, come home to a quiet, comfortable place to sleep. This home is a quick walk to restaurants, bars, stores, farmers market, and more. It's fully furnished, and includes: • Broadband wi-fi • Attached garage • Wood-burning fireplace • Hardwood floors • Close to bus lines  • Large, fenced yard with patio table, chairs, umbrella, and propane BBQ. You can bring along one friendly, well-behaved dog who doesn't bark much. No other pets. You'll have access to the full house, garage, and yard. I'm renting out my house while I travel for work. I'll intermittently be in Seattle (staying with friends), and you can also text or call me. Ballard is the best neighborhood in Seattle! Friendly, walkable, and fun. This home is in the middle of a quiet area, but very close to all the fun Ballard offers. You're close to several bus linOur small home is cozy, bright, and a great space for those looking to relax on a quiet street but within 10 minutes of everything Ballard has to offer. The house is a one bedroom/one bath with a large open-format living and kitchen area all centered around a statement fireplace. The backyard is a pleasant space for a meal, a book, or games. The house has fir floors throughout and heated tile in the bathroom. It's a lovely space and we're excited to share it. Guests will have the whole house and backyard for enjoyment. We have a property manager who will meet you to exchange the key. She will be available during your stay via phone or email for any questions. Nearby amenities include but are not limited to:  - Morsel (biscuits) - The Fat Hen (brunch) - El Camion - Bauhaus Books & Coffee - Cafe Fiore - Skillet Diner - The Boar's Nest - Un Bien - The Hi-Life - Ballard Sip and Ship - Ballard Pizza Company (you will be within delivery area!!) - Jhanjay Thai - Ballard Market - Golden GardenSunny home for rent in Ballard on a very quiet residential street. Craftsman style house with wood floors, 2 bedrooms, full kitchen and bathroom.  See also my listing for Private room in Sunny Ballard for reviews!  My house is clean, comfortable and bright!  Lot's of street parking available. Wifi access included.  Everything - full kitchen and bath, 2 bedrooms with great beds, living room, TV room and washer and dryer if  you need it.  I will be available via phone/email if you need me. Quiet and nice neighborhood, walking distance (20 minutes) to downtown Ballard and all the sights, restaurants and stores.  Yes, the bus 40 and 18 come to my house. I have 2 Orca cards I can share. There is also Car2Go and Uber!This one of-a-kind studio home is conveniently located in the coveted Ballard neighborhood! Perfect for a couple, this charming cottage is just a hop, skip, and a jump from everything Ballard and convenient to downtown Seattle. Perfect for one or two, this unique studio cottage is tucked away above street level. Set amongst mature trees, this charming cottage is brightly decorated and fully equipped for your stay. Cozy up with a cup of tea on the large window seat and then catch one of the amazing Seattle sunsets with a glass of wine on the terrace. Brazilian cherry floors, granite tile, and a clawfoot tub make this Ballard Beauty feel luxurious.  There is free, non-metered parking available on the street. Upon booking, to complete your rental profile we will be contacting you for the following information: 1) US contact phone number 2) Email address 3) Home/billing address There will also be an online rental agreement that you are able to sign electronically to complete your booking. Our basement apartment has a private entry & all of the amenities to make your Seattle visit enjoyable. You'll be staying in a beautiful, quiet neighborhood that is also within walking distance to many restaurants & 3 blocks from downtown bus lines. Please contact me to check dates and tell me a bit about yourself when requesting a booking. The calendar is accurate, but I might be in communication with other guests. NOTE: If you would like to check the pricing for your specific dates, you can enter the dates you are interested in and click "book it", the next screen will show you the final price before you process payment and confirm. What you'll enjoy by staying here:  + a large (17.5 x 10.5 feet), quiet, very private guest bedroom in our daylight basement.  + exclusive access to a full bathroom on the same level as the guest bedroom. bathroom includes hair dryer, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, lotion and towels for your convenience.  + a very comfortable queen bed with pillow top A quiet room for one in North Seattle just north of the bustling Ballard neighborhood in a house full of color and whimsy.  Plenty of parking and near to bus stops to downtown Seattle or The University of Washington! Friendly puppy dogs also welcome for a small nightly fee. This room is a cozy retreat from busy travel days. A firm queen size memory foam mattress to snuggle into. A large screen tv for movie watching (sorry no cable tv). A desk and wifi to get some work done or keep in touch. The house has a shared bathroom with little competition for time and access.  You may use the kitchen, as long as you clean up after yourself.  Laundry room access available upon request. Feel free to hang out in the dinning and living area or back garden. This is also my home, so I will also be using the restroom and kitchen and my little puppy dog, Maisie, will be hanging out as well.  I am not intrusive, tho may be available to answer any questions you may have about Seattle. I live in Loyal HeigThe Salmon House is a beautifully maintained craftsman style home with 4 bedrooms and 3 full baths. Enjoy a private back deck and patio with gas fire pit. a short stroll to the many delights of Ballard - with restaurants, shops, and bars. The Salmon House is a 1925 Craftsman style home that has been lovingly and thoroughly updated and maintained. We have four bedrooms and three full bathrooms, that can comfortably sleep up to 6-8 people.  The house features a large kitchen with state of the art appliances, spacious island with sitting space, separate sitting area, and spacious dining table for six. The pantry is fully stocked with the essentials and then some! We designed the kitchen to be the center of the home. This is the perfect place to create a grand meal, and opens directly to the back deck where you will find a large bbq, smoker, and prep area. In addition there is a patio with a custom gas fire pit and access to the organic garden. Enjoy a pre-dinner cocktail around the fire, Two story brand new guest house located in quiet Loyal Heights neighborhood. Upstairs has hardwoods, kitchen with stainless appliances, granite counters, living/dining room, bathroom with shower. Downstairs has queen bed, closet. Our guest house is brand new. The upstairs has hardwood floors, pull out queen sized sofa bed, 32 inch flat screen tv, dining room table, kitchen with stainless appliances and granite counters, skylights, bathroom with shower and granite counters.  Bottom floor has a queen sized bed, 50 inch flat screen tv, large walk in closet with stackable washer/dryer, shelves, hanging bars. The guest house is separate from the main house (a tall fence separates the two homes) and is accessed via an alley. You have your own parking spot. Loyal Heights is a quiet, walkable neighborhood. Sunset Hill Park is a six block walk and has amazing views of Puget Sound and the Olympic Mountains. Golden Gardens is about a 1 mile walk accessed via stairs and trails.  Several coffee sho800 sq. ft. with a private bath and living room available for your stay. The studio encompasses the ground floor of our home in the quiet neighborhood of Ballard, a direct bike or bus ride to downtown. Lots of room for two adults. Over 800 sq. feet of private space would be available for your stay. This includes a large living area, full bath, bedroom with a queen bed, washer and dryer, air hockey table, microwave, small refrigerator, and coffee maker. The studio would be your own private place with a separate door that locks and your own thermostats. Ideal for two guests. Our yard has many places to sit and read or have your morning cup of coffee as well.  It's a nice retreat for people who enjoy their quiet time and solitude. Our home is in the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle, which is a direct bus or bike ride  to downtown Seattle. Ballard, in of itself, is also a very desirable neighborhood to explore with its beaches, historic district, the locks, the zoo, and fabulous restaurantsWe are offering the upstairs of our cozy home. The space includes a living room with a comfy couch, a piano and a desk. The bedroom is bright and sunlit and has hardwood floors as does the living room.  The space includes a private entrance and bathroom. Shared kitchen if needed. The house is located in the quiet neighborhood of Ballard which has a lively downtown core and includes restaurants, shops and clubs. We are close to bus lines and zip cars.  You'll enjoy the solitude and value of this backyard RV with all utilities needed for a peaceful evening, a comfy night sleep, and a quick breakfast before you head out to enjoy nearby Ballard (20 min walk) or downtown Seattle (15 min drive). We want you to be able to get a good feel for what this space is like so here are some details!  It's a 32' RV so it's roughly 250 square feet of space. It's recently been updated with new floors, new furniture, and updates to the bathroom. It's tied in to city utilities. The air conditioner works great! The living area contains a TV, a couch, and 2 chairs. We don't have cable, but a few local stations are available, and an Xbox allows you to access things like Netflix or Hulu if you have an account. The dining area contains a large fridge/freezer, a microwave, a Keurig coffee machine (coffee included), an electric tea kettle for boiling water, a sink, dishes, and a table and chairs. The bathroom is quite roomy by RV standards. On one side is the This unique one of a kind apt has 4 queen beds and off-street parking included. Conveniently located off 24th Ave and NW 64th St. Bus stop (routes 18, 40) at the corner. Walking distance (0.5 mile) to bakeries, cafe, restaurant, grocery, and movies. This is a contemporary modern 2 bdrm - 2 sleeping lofts apartment home. The rental has 4 queen beds total.  The apartment occupies the entire 3rd floor of our 3 unit building. It has central heat and air conditioning and it comes with one parking space included. Telephone service with a Canadian (604) area code that allows both our Canadian and US residents guests received  an place calls to Canada and the US at no charge.  Note: In the summer months we have a minimum 7 days stay. Days that fall in between reservation can also be reserved. Contact me if you are interested in a shorter stay once 7 days stays are booked.  The rental comes with the standard amenities that you would normally find in a hotel like: iron and ironing board, hair drThis 2nd floor apartment is located in a lovely residential area within walking distance of Ballard and two bus lines. It is newly constructed under an enormous Douglas fir so it feels like you are in a treehouse. My small apartment is new construction with tons of light. It feels spacious yet compact. I'm happy to help guests with sight seeing, food and entertainment suggestions. Or I'm happy with never seeing them at all! Easy walking distance to two bus routes.Entire house. Ballard Urban farm-like home for summer vacation rental Starting June 28.  Great for  family/friends visiting from out of town. Two week minimum stay, however we are flexible for a one week stay. Farm fresh eggs every morning. $100/night based on 2 person occupancy and $20 per each additional person, (4 people total) $75.00 cleaning fee + $250 refundable damage deposit.   Our house is fully furnished and we live in it during the school year but since I am a teacher we like to travel and visit family over the summer.  The house has: * 2 bedrooms with air-conditioning -- one has a queen size bed (with a peek a boo view of the Olympic mountains) the other bedroom has two full size beds. Toys for kids. 1.5 bathrooms one off the kitchen and one up stairs ( we are remodeling our basement and so some of our boxes from the basement are in the back yard covered up.) 1 very large deluxe bathroom with shower and separate bath tub, washer/dryer, hair dryer. * Large backyard with playOur craftsman home in the heart of Ballard is comfortable, cool, and  blocks from downtown Ballard. Enjoy a gourmet kitchen with concrete counters, a backyard ready to barbecue, and easy walking to parks, restaurants, and shopping. This lovely 3 bed Ballard craftsman is loaded with Seattle charm! Period details mixed with modern updates, you will find charming surprises such as original hex floors, crafty mill work, built-ins, concrete counters, and great fixtures. Private yard space and flagstone patio for entertaining and relaxing in the gardens. Parks, Grocery, Restaurants, Bars, Farmers Market, Puget Sounds, Golden Gardens Beach, and more. We are available for you via phone and/or email. Ballard is rated in Seattle Met as the most desirable neighborhood in Seattle. It's history, charm, nightlife, and proximity to major parks, the beach, and downtown Seattle make it a fabulous place.  Some of the best restaurants in Seattle, as well as music and nightlife.  We are located about 10 bGreat private space remodeled with love and care by local craftsmen.  Private, laid-back, close to shops, restaurants and night life in downtown Ballard and steps from a great park and buslines.  Minutes from downtown Seattle. This was originally a detached work space that was converted into an art studio.  We transformed it into a surf shop and now a fully independent studio living space for laid back travelers who want to relax in a warm, inviting spot. You have access to the walkway to the studio and the whole studio itself. We are very friendly folks who AirBnB, VRBO and love traveling.  If we are around, please feel free to say Aloha or ask any questions.  We are usually on the run with work and activities.  We don't expect you to socialize if you just want to do your own thing. Ballard is an old part of Seattle that was its own independent city until the early 20th century.  It was home to a large group of Scandinavian immigrants, so you can still see that flavor around town.  BaA perfectly located home within a home in desirable Ballard WA- Your space 1 bed/1bath/separate room with sofa for lounging Free Wifi- street parking-Private entrance with garden - kitchenette with fridge, microwave, toaster oven, sink, Keurig, 10 min to downtown Ballard Close to Fremont,Downtown,Greenlake,U-District A home within a home-Enjoy a very comfortable and private space with your own entry-One bedroom with ample closet space a very comfy bed a built in window seat and shelving it's a lovely room. The bathroom is newly remodeled see pictures-we provide bath, hand and face towels as well as some nice amenities. There is a darling bonus room with a comfy sofa and throw to use for dressing, lounging reading,napping,meditating- your call.  The Kitchenette: Fridge, Keurig ,toaster oven/ microwave sink dishes, glassware and cutlery provided. Small table and chairs perfect for coffee and planning your day. I provide a breakfast items,some bottled water, coffee, tea and various snacks3 minute drive or 20 minute walk to Ballard central. 15 minutes to downtown Seattle. 1/2 block to bus line. Lots of street parking as well as room for two cars in driveway behind house. Leading up to your stay I will let you know where your key is located. I will be available to answer any questions through text, email, and over the phone. Ballard is an eclectic neighborhood with lots of popular bars, restaurants, and independent shops. It is close to downtown, Fremont, Queen Anne, UW, Wallingford, Phinney Ridge, Greenkake, and more. An express bus to downtown Seattle (the D Line) is half a block away. It runs every 25 minutes. There is a cat that lives on the property. He is shy and will probably be outside 90% of the time. If he does come around his name is Prince Julius and you can attempt to pet him. He's super sweet, just a bit skittish.Enjoy the convenience (and the hot tub!) at our 1BR, 1BA vacation rental for 5, located in the up-and-coming Ballard neighborhood, less than 7 miles from downtown Seattle. Enjoy the convenience (and the hot tub!) at our 1BR, 1BA vacation rental that sleeps 5, located in up-and-coming Ballard—a local's favorite spot less than 7 miles from downtown Seattle. Explore the highlights of the Emerald City…or stay close to home and take a short stroll to enjoy the local eateries and shops of this “it" neighborhood.  Our cozy apartment is located just a few blocks from the bus line, which will take you anywhere you want to go in Seattle. If you want to hike miles of trails, travel just 5-miles to Discovery Park, Seattle's largest green space with views of the Puget Sound. Or make the 10-minute commute to the famous Woodland Park Zoo. Finish the day with a glass of wine at your private patio table, followed by a soak in your own hot tub! INSIDE THE APARTMENT Enter our cozy apartment through the bLight filled room in Ballard neighborhood of Seattle.  Shared bath, deck, spacious open kitchen., free street parking.  Easy access to bakeries, coffee shops, restaurants, bars in charming Ballard.  Two blocks away from bus, has a Walk Score of 82! This is a room in my upstairs unit and two people can sleep comfortably.  You are welcome to use the kitchen and the outside deck.  Lots of light in the place. You have access to the deck, kitchen  and living area.  Pretty much the whole place.  Also you can use any kitchen cabinets maked  with pink AirBnb stickers.  Enjoy! I'm happy to help guests with sight seeing, food and entertainment suggestions.  I work during day time, please feel free to contact me to get any detail Ballard is the #1 of the Hottest Neighborhoods to live in Seattle You can walk to heart of Ballard which is about one mile away.  Many cafes, restaurants, bars all over. You can use D- Line bus to get to downtown Seattle.  Bus comes every 10-15 minutes.  Also, there is eCome enjoy Seattle! This is a private bedroom & private bathroom in a new townhouse with easy access to downtown, both via Car and Public Transportation. The bed size is best for a single person (twin XL size), but it can accommodate up to two people. It is a basic & simple setup, and I hope it fits your need! Please take a look at all the details in the following sections before booking :) Thank you! This is a new home, with easy access to Downtown. It is also close & within walking distance (+/- 15 minutes) to get to all the hip cafes / restaurants / bars in Ballard. If you are considering staying over the weekend, the famous Ballard Sunday Market is also walkable! You will have access to the private room itself & your own bathroom on the 1st floor, and will be sharing the living room / kitchen upstairs with me. I would love to help you plan your trip to Seattle & answer any questions you may have. - 2 blocks away from a bus stop to key parts of the city - This is a neighborhood withThis is a large bedroom in a three bedroom upstair unit.   Spacious open kitchen., free street parking, Shared bath, deck. Easy access to bakeries, coffee shops, restaurants, bars in charming Ballard. Two blocks away from bus has a Walk Score of 82! Spacious room in my upstair 3bedroom unit.  You can use the kitchen refrigerator, deck, living room, kitchen utensils etc.  Has a shared restroom. You have full access to the deck, kitchen and living area.  Also you can use any kitchen cabinets maked with pink AirBnb stickers.  All Cooking ware, plates, cups, glasses, utensils are provided.  You have access to stove,  microwave, refrigerator etc. I'm happy to help guests with sight seeing, food and entertainment suggestions. I work during day time, please feel free to contact me to get any detail Ballard is the #1 of the Hottest Neighborhoods to live in Seattle, has a walk  Score of 82! You can walk to heart of Ballard which is about one mile away. Many cafes, restaurants, bars all over. YoNew Construction - Stylish Townhouse w/ Designer Finishes, Open Chefs Kitchen, & Private Garden Rooftop (City/Water Views)! Located in the Beautiful Ballard Neighborhood, Steps From Dining, Shopping, Beaches, Nightlife, and RapidRide Access Downtown. The townhouse is very spacious with high ceilings, open windows, and private rooftop.  One bed, but could easily accommodate up to four comfortably. Brand new top of the line appliances, including washer/dryer in master suite. The Kitchen/Living level has beautiful hardwood floors, tons of kitchen/sitting space for entertaining, cooking, or relaxing. Mood lighting included. The Master Suite level includes a walk-in closet, full bathroom with dual sinks and large open shower with sitting space (three showerheads), and a private outdoor balcony. The Rooftop has gorgeous views of Seattle, Mt. Rainier, Salmon Bay, and much more! Rooftop garden and wood pellet grill make it the perfect setting for dinner parties or a quiet summer night. Access This is a tiny 500sq ft free standing bungalow... we have a LONG driveway that will fit 2 (URL HIDDEN) well as on street parking.... there is a washer and dryer in the basement and a lovely back yard to enjoy your morning coffee. We just moved here! Youll have the very cozy basement room we JUST finished to yourself.  It has a full size bed and lots of light...and is the coolest room in the house.  Best of all you can get to it straight through the back door. Youll have full access to the bathroom... and the kitchen to enjoy a cup of morning espresso from our fabulous automatic machine... cuz nothing says Seattle like coffee!  The living room is also quite cozy for relaxing and or doing work... weve got incredible internet with a 1Gig fiber connection!!!! Well be staying in the teensy tinsy bedroom on the main floor whilst you are here... and while I work full (URL HIDDEN) partner Len does (URL HIDDEN) hell potentially be around most of the day.Private room with full-size pull-out sofa and bathroom in one of the hottest neighborhoods in Settle, with restaurant, retail and bars all less than a 10 min. walk away, and less than 15 min. to heart of downtown Seattle. Plenty of on-street parking. Private room with full size pull-out sofa, closet, and separate private bathroom in brand new Ballard townhouse. You're welcome to make yourself at home - 10 ft. ceilings, lots of light, modern kitchen and balcony for shared use. Plenty of on-street parking available. Guests have access to the kitchen, common living space (TV, Netflix, Amazon Prime Video) and balcony. We will stay out of your way but are happy to help you out with any questions you may have about Seattle or what to do. Ballard is the one of the hottest neighborhoods in Seattle, with restaurants, retail and bars all less than a 10 minute walk away, and you're less than 15 minutes to the heart of downtown Seattle. From the Visit Seattle site: Eat - There are tastes to pleaseCozy suite on the first floor of our home in the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle. Enjoy a clean, roomy 2 bedroom + bathroom space on a quiet street with plenty of free parking & easy access to the heart of charming historic Ballard 1.5 miles away.   Enter through a shared foyer then proceed through another door to your own private guest suite which includes 2 rooms + private bathroom located on the first floor of our home where you can relax & unwind after a busy day.  The space includes a queen-size bed and comfy reading nook in the main bedroom. A 2nd bedroom with futon setup includes the following amenities:  - Free wifi  - Mini-fridge - Microwave  - Kitchen basics (dishes/utensils) - Coffee/tea provided + Keurig - Light breakfast items (fruit & oatmeal)  - Full size futon in 2nd bedroom with full linens provided. Will comfortably sleep an additional person.  Bathroom includes:  - full tub/shower  - fresh linens - basic toiletries (soap, shampoo/conditioner, & hair dryer).  You'll aThis private and comfortable bedroom comes with its own bathroom. It has clean linens and towels as well as lots of closet space. You can enjoy the mountain views from your room. A full kitchen is available for cooking. Washer/dryer is available. Private bedroom including a full size bathroom. Lots of natural light with amazing views of the city and mountains. Guests can enjoy the amenities in the kitchen, living room and laundry room. Guests can check in at 2 pm. and check out at noon. Upon arrival, you will be given a key for building and apartment access. I work late hours and some weekends so I am not around most of the time.  I would appreciate a clean and considerate person for shared areas. Please put your dishes in the dishwasher before leaving. If a glass or something else breaks, which happens it's life, just let me know and we can figure it out. I'm happy to share stories and suggest places around Seattle. I will be available by phone if I am not home and anything urgent hapSimple 5 bedroom houseThis private studio (500sf) opens up to a beautiful green Seattle garden. Skylights fill this book-lined space with illumination.  In a quiet neighborhood with towering firs and cedars, studio is close to UW with easy access to bus lines & downtown. Quiet, spacious garden studio within minutes of all Seattle's attractions Guests enjoy a private studio and bathroom, and share the garden and patio. They also have private washer. Free wi-fi. We are happy to welcome guests and give them as much guidance or privacy as they prefer. In addition to English, we  speak Chinese, German, and a little Russian.  Pinehurst/Victory Heights is a tree-lover's paradise.  It is nestled between Northgate and Lake City in beautiful and convenient Northeast Seattle. You are within easy walking distance of many lovely restaurants, an excellent local brewery, and German cafe. Convenient bus-lines just minutes from your door (on either 15th ave. or Lake City Way) will get you quickly to the university, downtownThe whole place can be rented for 2 people for $100/night. It's quiet, very clean and has very convenient transportation to the University of Washington and downtown (20 min to either). No TV or dishwasher. Lots of space and natural light.  No shoes.We offer two cozy rooms in a secluded north Seattle neighborhood. Easy access to transportation is available. We look forward to meeting you! Cozy house in a single family home in a cottage setting. The secluded property overlooks a wooded ravine and a greenbelt. The house is surrounded by a large garden, fruit trees and fresh eggs are plentiful. Guests are encouraged to help themselves to vegetables and fruit. The cozy living room includes a fireplace. The bedroom has a double bed, dresser, desk and end table. The bedroom overlooks the garden and yard. A household bathroom is easily accessible. Towels and linen provided. The kitchen is large and the center of activity for the house. Public transportation is readily available two blocks away with access to the University of Washington (12 minutes) and downtown Seattle (20 minutes). Seattle is a bicycle friendly city. We bicycle back and forth for our work and errands every day.  Local eating and business establishments are blocks away.One full floor of house in NE Seattle bungalow home on tree-lined property.  Private entrance through gated yard. Walking distance to shopping, downtown and U District bus. Straight drive to University of Washington. Parking. W/D. The apartment has everything but a kitchen. Big bathroom. Plush towels. Full washer and dryer and detergent. No Cable TV but bring your laptop and hook it up to the TV. We supply coffee maker, hot water maker, basket of goodies, and directions to the closest restaurants and transportation. A number of good restaurants from Thai to Ethiopian are within walking distance. Guest access is a separate private back entrance, through the fenced and gated yard. When you contact us, we'll tell you how to get the key. Stairs down to the unit's door so not wheelchair accessible. We are very willing to help in any way that we can! Our area used to be the country. Unlike some other Seattle areas, they left the trees so it's very lush here and feels country-ish though we arWe offer two cozy rooms in a secluded north Seattle neighborhood. Easy access to transportation is available. We look forward to meeting you! Cozy house in a single family home in a cottage setting. The secluded property overlooks a wooded ravine and a greenbelt. The house is surrounded by a large garden, fruit trees and fresh eggs are plentiful. Guests are encouraged to help themselves to vegetables and fruit. The cozy living room includes a fireplace. The bedroom has a loft, dresser, desk and end table. The bedroom overlooks the garden and yard. A household bathroom is easily accessible. Towels and linen provided. The kitchen is large and the center of activity for the house. Public transportation is readily available two blocks away with access to the University of Washington (12 minutes) and downtown Seattle (20 minutes). Seattle is a bicycle friendly city. We bicycle back and forth for our work and errands every day.  Local eating and business establishments are blocks away. LocalRoom is located in a condo on a street with frequent buses within one block. University of Washington within 15min by bus and North Seattle Community College about the same. Major grocery store next door and NorthGate shopping center within one mile. Location has convenient bus to SeaTac, downtown, Univ. of Wash. & Northgate shopping center. Your own bathroom Free guest WiFi Washer and dryer No kitchen privileges except snacks and drinks unless if you stay one month or longer it is open to negotiation. Bedroom Bathroom with towels, soap and tissue. Washer and dryer Limited access to kitchen except if you stay one month or longer we can negotiate. I will be available most of the time, especially nights or give you my cell phone.  Safeway grocery store next door with free WiFi open 24 hours.  Can't park on 15th Ave NE between 3pm and 7pm. Use north side of 123rd street and East side of Safeway. Bus within one block. 15 min to Univ. of Wash. 5 min to Northgate shopping mall. 20 min to dowGrandparents, professionals, students, visitors enjoy the newly redecorated, charming, furnished daylight garden-level apt. Sleep up to 3. Choose Twins or King in the bedroom. Livingroom Daybed sleeps 3rd. Outdoor entrance via 15-step staircase. Peaceful residential location in NE Seattle near Northgate and UW with direct easy driving and bus access to downtown and airport. Free off street parking. Suitable for one, two or three guests. Depending on your needs, the bedroom has two twins that can be made into two singles or one king. The living area has a daybed with twin mattress and box spring. The bathroom is off the bedroom. The bedroom connects with the living room area. The livingroom has the daybed (couch during the day and bed at night for the third person), TV. laptop desk and chairs. The kitchen is off the livingroom and has a counter with two stools, full sized refrigerator, gas stove, microwave, toaster, coffee maker and fully stocked with cooking and eating equipment. Wifi Perfect for the traveling musician - play on an extremely fine Steinway 9' Concert Grand.  (Professional recording also possible for discounted fees).  10 minutes from downtown Seattle in a quiet suburban neighborhood.  Access to a full kitchen. Stay in a actual professional recording studio!  Your room is next to the control room in the lower floor, with its own 1/2 bathroom (shower) just a few steps away. Main floor is the recording room and kitchen. The bedroom is modest but comfortable.  Owner's room is on the top 3rd floor. Quiet neighborhood with good restaurants close by. Parking at the house.  Public transportation is a few blocks away within easy walking distance.  Uber and Car2Go friendly!Private cozy cabin near woods & creek in North Seattle neighborhood. Very romantic! Full kitchen and 3/4 bath. Queen bed plus room for use of my quality queen air mattress sleep up to 3. Desk, table & chairs, closet. Spacious! Over 650 square feet!  You can sometimes hear the creek running from behind the cabin. Back deck looks out to the woods. Where else in Seattle? Cabin is a detached private studio apartment with a full kitchen and 3/4 bath (shower only). Great for traveling couples! Very romantic setting.  I have a high quality air mattress that can be borrowed from main house to accommodate up to 3 adults. Please let me know in advance if you need it when you contact me for reservations. It is not always available. If there are only 2 guests staying and you would like to use the air mattress, there is a $20 fee/night.  Children count toward guest count. Children under 2 years old stay free, but our cabin is not child-proofed and you will need to bring safe sleep options for smallBecause we are close to the University of Washington, we prefer long-term stays.  We are two blocks from the bus line that goes directly into UW (which is about 5 miles south of our house) Two large windows make this room especially appealing!  Comfortable pillow top queen-size bed.  42 inch cable TV.  Comfy Lazy Boy recliner. Small refrigerator in the room for your private use.  Large closet.  Hardwood floors.  Private bathroom down the hall.  Wifi.  Shared kitchen.  Available hot tub in back patio. Small shared washer and dryer in the bathroom. Two blocks away from major bus stop on 15th Ave NE.  Off street parking in the driveway.  We are located a short 3.5 miles north of the University of WA campus, with direct buses to campus on 15th Ave NE.  Quiet neighborhood near Thornoton Creek natural area.  Owl and woodpecker sightings are common.   We have two friendly dogs, a miniature Schnauzer and a Terrier mix who are sometimes in the house.Spacious, 1000 square foot private finished basement &  bathroom.   Located in private home close to Northgate Mall and easy access to downtown Seattle.   Room has comfortable carpeting, queen air mattress + couches, private full bath, and games! Comfortable & Classy "mancave" with a wide variety of fun activities (pool, foosball, board games, darts, xbox). Private Bathroom and downstairs area, kitchenette, laundry facilities.  Bar contents & upstairs off limits please. Will be present but will keep distance and be upstairs.   always available for questions/tips.  Laundry facilities shared. Close to everything in North Seattle and easy access to Downtown/Cap Hill/Stadiums.   Very safe & walkable area with good local bars/restaurants. Major bus line 1 block away, Transit Center 1/2 mile away.  Close to the Northgate mall, movie theater, grocery/drug stores, multiple parks, and excellent restaurants and breweries.   Plenty of parking next to house. Soaps, Shampoo/Conditioners available.(URL HIDDEN)It's an immaculate room with a walk-in closet. Shared bathroom with the female owner. Very convenient transportation to University of Washington and downtown.           Very clean. Close to the University of Washington (both campuses). Convenient to downtown. Friendly hostess.  Internet, wi-fi. Free parking spot.  I will be happy to provide advice, entertainment suggestions or be as quiet as the guest wants.  Friendly, close to the lake and very pleasant for walking, close to the Northgate shopping mall.  Yes, 4 bus lines to the university and 2 to downtown. Buses run late, unlike other areas in Seattle. Stay in a quaint, natural home during your time in Seattle... and be conveniently located near vistor sites, transportation, and shopping. Home features a large kitchen, big dining room, comfortable living room with entertainment system, and woodsy backyard with deck. Comfortable, quaint home with lots of wood and nice features.  There is a great open common area downstairs, one bathroom downstairs, and two bedrooms upstairs (with one queen bed and one double futon). Entire home and back yard. Write me with your interest.  I will write or call you to discuss details. Nice walkable neighborhood.  Nearby shopping at Northgate. 4 miles north of UW and 8 miles to downtown. Convenient bus lines to downtown. There is one bathroom and it's downstairs.  The two bedrooms are upstairs.Awake to birdsong, enjoy your morning tea or a glass of wine on the front porch or back patio. Settle in for a movie, or work on your novel in our bright, cozy little home! Close to UW, 15 minutes to downtown, free designated parking space. Our efficiency-sized kitchen is well equipped with the tools you need to cook and serve a meal for two, including coffee maker, beans & grinder, a small tea assortment, blender, toaster and more. A hair dryer is provided. We now have an air conditioner for warmer summer seasons! You have full access to the entire cottage, front porch, designated portion of back patio with electric awning, and a parking space adjacent to the front entry. We prefer to be out-of-sight, giving you the ultimate in privacy. We will touch base to be sure your check-in is smooth, please let us know if you have a need or concern and we'll do our very best to help! We are just two blocks to major public bus lines. The University of Washington is a 10 minute drive away, and wiI have a comfortable, private bedroom available with a twin-sized bed in a house in Northeast Seattle, located across from a park on Lake Washington. You will have access to a fully functional kitchen, a washer and a dryer. You may need to share the bathroom if there is another guest here. There are chickens living in the backyard that provide fresh eggs every day. I can be as involved in your visit as you'd like, depending on my availability. I know the city quite well and will be able to help you plan your visit. I can prepare a simple breakfast for you if you let me know what you like to eat. The neighborhood is very safe and quiet. There is a park nearby where you can sunbathe, have a picnic, or take a dip in the lake. Restaurants, shops and grocery stores are a short bus ride away. It takes about 15 minutes to get to Downtown Seattle by car and about 45 minutes by bus. The bus stop is right in front of my house, and the bus service runs from 600am to midnight.A quiet home on a quiet dead end, with 2 people-friendly cats.  Close to UW,  Children's Hospital & busses. Please read all details before inquiring and tell us about yourself, including how you will spend your time while staying in our home. Enjoy! Welcome to our quiet home one mile north of Magnuson Park.  Easy bike and bus access to Children's Hospital and UW.  Perfect for students and Seattle visitors.  Quiet dead end street with guest parking. Small light room with comfortable full bed and private bath. No hidden cleaning fee, as of course we thoroughly clean after and before each guest.   Our driveway is on a slope and there are 11 steps up the front porch. Inside the house are 6 steps down to the ground floor and 8 to the upper floor. Guest room is on ground floor.   Our neighborhood is residential, close to buses into the city or the University District. Wedgwood and Lake City are about a mile, bus or walk, for cafes, groceries, sundries. Meadowbrook Community  Center swimming Located on 2 dead-end streets near the Burke-Gilman bike trail. The room is downstairs, which leaves it pleasantly cool in the summer, and has a cozy feel. Queen bed, shared bathroom and kitchen, outside seating and hammock, bicycles available. Quiet basement room in house on two dead ends, with kitchen access. Patio seating or deck with territorial view. Close to bike path along Lake Washington, on bus line. Owners have hosted internationals for 15 years. No smoking, no pets, filtered water available, air purifier available. Public swimming pool, beaver pond and beaches nearby. Wir sprechen Deutsch. Hablamos espanol. Kitchen, den, bicycles, wifi, guitars, djembe drum, library of spiritual and paranormal books. We are introverts who enjoy conversation over a glass of wine. Trees galore, quiet streets, pizza and pub within 5 minutes' drive, parks and bike trail Bus line on Sandpoint Way NE, one block away....upgraded kitchen, bathroom and cozy fireplace.  This house gets lots of light and is on a main road with access to the bus line, Mathews Beach and Burke Gilman Trail.  It's a very comfortable and upgraded home with high end furnishings.  It's a cooks kitchen with good quality cookware, knifes and any gadget you can think of.  It's my personal home when I'm in Seattle and appreciate sharing it with guests that will enjoy it as much as I have for the past 15 years! Guests will have access to the main house with a designated parking spot in front.  Full access to the 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom, kitchen, deck and back yard.  We are only a block from Mathews Beach and the Burke Gilman trail. Since I am out of town a lot most of my communication will be via email.  I have a keyless entry system on the front door to access the home and am usually not available to meet upon arrival.  I have Family in close proximity that can be available should there be a problem. My neighborhood is very cloThis fully renovated space has 2 bed/1bath, kitchen and living room. The master bedroom, bath and kitchen windows face a beautiful and woodsy backyard. Private entrance from back of the house and below our deck.  We live upstairs and are renting our lower level 2 bed/1bath, kitchen, living room. The master bedroom, bath, kitchen face a beautiful and woodsy backyard. Private entrance from back of the house and below our deck.  This is our home and our family stays down there when it's not rented. We live upstairs so feel free to ask if you have special needs.  Washer and dryer and back yard. We can also have you over for meal/coffee if your schedule allows.  My husband David or I can be available to meet guests on arrival if our schedule permits. We are happy to answer any questions about different neighborhoods in Seattle, activities and where to eat/shop. Right around the corner is one of the greatest parks (okay, I'm biased, this is my neighborhood;)-Matthews Beach Park. Great playgrPrivate one bedroom cottage three blocks from Lake Washington.  Hard wood floors, stainless steel appliances, parking.     Short walk to lake, bike trail,parks and tennis center.  On direct bus line to University of Washington and rest of the city. Built in 2014 this 625 sq ft one bedroom  backyard cottage is situated in a desirable north east Seattle neighborhood.  The cottage has a private bedroom with a queen bed.   For extra quests, the living room has a fold out sofa which turns into a full size bed.   The  cottage is separated from the main house by a six foot fence to provide guest maximum privacy. It is just blocks to Lake Washington, parks, boat rentals, bicycle trails and a public indoor tennis center.  Easy access via bus or bike trail to University of Washington, Children's Hospital  University Village Shopping Center.    Im available by phone and text if needed to make sure you have a pleasant stay.  Highly desirable neighborhood 3 blocks from park and Lake Washington.    Treat yourself in sunny master suite! Includes one bedroom, living/eating area and beautiful bathroom. Can sleep 2+. Conveniently located 2-5 min walking distance from busline to the UW, Burke-Gilman trail and Mathew's Beach. Free wifi. Our suite has one bedroom with a full bed that can comfortably sleep 2.  If desired/needed I can provide a queen size or twin size inflatable mattress that could be placed in the landing if someone desired to sleep 3-4 people. It may be a little tight but would be doable.  Note that it will be 15/per person per night after 2 guests.  The house has a single common entrance into a mudroom. The guest suite is accessed via the mudroom - there is a locked door that takes you up a stairwell to the guest suite.  You will have access to a mini stocked fridge, microwave, coffee/tea maker, free wifi, all linens and some things for pampering (bath bubbles, soaps, shampoo etc). The front yard, backyard and deck/bbq are shared. Suite comes with one off street parkinMy charming house is the perfect place for your Seattle stay - close to University of Washington and downtown. Short cross of bridge to the Eastside, one block from Matthews Beach park, Lake Washington and the Burke Gilman trail! This is a quiet and safe residential neighborhood. The house is one block off of bus lines and close to I-5, 520 bridge to The Eastside. No smoking in house.We have an apartment in our house, with a bedroom, kitchen, bathroom and living area. The house is five minutes from Mathews Beach, and on the Burke-Gilman bike trail. Easy access to the University of Washington and the Lake City shopping area.I have a quiet, serene apartment right next to Matthew's Beach on Lake Washington. 10 minutes from university district, downtown, and St. Edwards state park this cozy spot puts you in a perfect location to explore without getting caught in traffic.Beautiful Views, next to Mathews Beach Park and Lake Washington. Very close to the Burke Gilman Trail.  4 miles to UW. The house has 3200 square feet. A small yard. There are 2 blueberry bushes and 3 apple trees in the back. There is a large (73") TV downstairs with surround sound, also a stationary bike and a treadmill. There is a balcony both off of the dining room and the master bedroom. The park and the lake are just across the street. The beach is lifeguarded during the Summer. The route 75 bus serves Sandpoint and goes to the UW or Northgate Mall, but I highly recommend a car. You can often find car2gos around here, which work pretty well if you are two people or fewer.Charming 3 bedrooms shy of 2000 sqft house close to Matthew Beach neighborhood, close to Green Lake, U.W. and major bus lines. Many restaurants, trails and fabulous parks within walking distance. Great kitchen, large deck  for entertaining. 1900 sq ft of living space with a garage and storage. Kitchen, living room, one bed room in main level. The main level access the large deck with open view of Lake Washington.  The lower level has 2 bedrooms, 1/2 bath and 2nd living room (TV room). The laundry facility is also in the lower level. Guess will have access access to the whole house (3 beds, 1.5 bath) with 1 car detached garage, storage, great deck, and great outdoor living space. I'm available for any case the guess need me. I will provide access by meeting guess or provide key code to the property. Proximity to Lake City for access to neighborhood restaurants, bars  and groceries. Easy access to the freeway and only 10-15 mins away from University of Washington. Bus stop is in front ofI have a comfortable, private bedroom available with a twin-sized bed in a house in Northeast Seattle, located across from a park on Lake Washington. You will have access to a fully functional kitchen, a washer and a dryer. You may need to share the bathroom if there is another guest here. There are chickens living in the backyard that provide fresh eggs every day. I can be as involved in your visit as you'd like, depending on my availability. I know the city quite well and will be able to help you plan your visit. I can prepare a simple breakfast for you if you let me know what you like to eat. The neighborhood is very safe and quiet. There is a park nearby where you can sunbathe, have a picnic, or take a dip in the lake. Restaurants, shops and grocery stores are a short bus ride away. It takes about 15 minutes to get to Downtown Seattle by car and about 45 minutes by bus. The bus stop is right in front of my house, and the bus service runs from 600am to midnight.It's a very comfortable and brand new Mother in law suite with private entry and high end appliances. It boasts 9 ft ceilings with lots of windows and natural light. Within walking distance of bus lines, mathews beach and the Burke Gilman Trail. You'll enjoy the fully-equipped kitchen, cable television and WiFi, large bathroom, well-appointed bedroom w/queen size bed. Brand new mother in law located close to Mathews Beach, Burke Gillman trail, and bus lines. We designed this space with short term rental in mind. Inside you will find a Queen bed, full kitchen, flat screen TV, Wifi, washer/dryer, and Nespresso machine with complimentary coffee. The bathroom has granite counter tops with headed footing and provided towels and washcloths for 4 people as well as hair dryer, soap, and shampoo.  Pack n play, toys, and activities available on request for children. Family friendly space.  Designated parking space Door has key pad entry lock which makes check in and check out quick and easy.  ReTo share a huge upscale house with University of Washington scholars, Chinese PHD students. 2 kitchens in the house, one on top floor and one on 2nd floor. Laundry machines available. 2 bedrooms available  beautiful view of lake of WA and sunrise! CLOSE TO BUS STOP ON SANDPOINT WAY N.E. MINS TO UW MEDICAL CENTER, SEATTLE CHILDRENS  HOSPITAL, UW, U VILLAGE AND NORTHGATE MALL KITCHEN AND  LIVING ROOM ALL ON TOP FLOOR WITH VIEW OF LAKE OF WA. RELAX AND ENJOY! I'LL BE HAPPY TO ASSIST YOU WITH ANY QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS LOCATED IN A QUIET AND PEACEFUL NEIGHBORHOOD  DEAD END WITH 6 HOUSES TOTAL 2 MINS WALK TO BUS STOP #75 ON SANDPOINT WAY N.E. SEATTLE 98125.  BURKE GILMAN TRAIL IS NEARBY. CLOSE TO NORTHGATE MALL, HUNDREDS OF STORES INDOOR SHOPPING AND UNIVERSITY VILLAGE ~15MINS DRIVE. MANY RESTAURANTS NEARBY ON LAKE CITY WAY N.E. MOVIE THEATERS AT NORTHGATE MALL. EXPRESS BUS ON LAKE CITY WAY TO DOWNTOWN SEATTLE AND MORE SHOPPING THERE ARE CHINESE PHD STUDENTS AND SCHOLARS IN THE HOUSE ON 2ND Enjoy spacious living room, kitchen, sun room and in-house massage treatment during the darker days of Seattle. Feel at home yet still remain plenty of privacy for your stay. Short walk to the bus lines to UW and a quick transfer to downtown Seattle. Guest will be able to access their bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, living room and the sun room. They may also park their car in the drive way, preferably on the left hand side unless other wise noted. Please let me know if you have any questions, request, wish and need to borrow anything at all. In-home shuttle to the airport may be arranged with advanced notice. Buses 65 and 75 (10 minute walk) to UW, transf(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) to downtown Seattle at Campus Parkway and Brooklyn. Bus 71 to downtown (20 minute walk) to downtown. Nearby parks: Mathews Beach, Meadowbrook Pond, Magnuson Park, Burke-Gilman Trail. Nearby attractions: University of Washington, University Village.This peaceful M-I-L  basement apartment, with ethnic decor, full kitchen and large bedroom is in a home surrounded by lovely gardens.  It's "country in the city" environment   provides many outdoor recreational opportunities:  on the  Burke Gilman Trail, Matthews Beach  and Magnuson Park.  Bus  75  connects one directly to Northgate Mall (with restaurants, stores, and bus transit center with express access to downtown), Children's Hospital  & the University District. To enter the space one descends a flight of stairs, into a cozy space with pine wood walls and a living room that looks out to the garden.  The large bedroom has a  queen size bed and  a  reading nook. The living room has a desk &  a futon  couch that makes into a double bed. The kitchen is fully equipped and the bathroom has both  shower and bathtub. . Since Seattle is experiencing a drought, please limit the length of your showers (5 minutes is a good guideline)  To access the apartment,  climb stairs through the front gNew! Low Rates for Mar/Apr! A private room and bath with microwave/fridge/laundry close to  Seattle attractions as well as UW. Access to fantastic bike trails and only minutes local bus line makes this a superb in-city rental option.             The private studio is cozy and comfortable in our NE Seattle home overlooking Lake Washington. Guests will have complete privacy in their bedroom and access to their private bath. In addition the shared laundry and mini-kitchen area gives them access to a microwave, coffeemaker, sink and fridge for light meals. I have listed the space as accommodating 3. If you are traveling with children and open to having them sleep on the floor with an airbed we can make some arrangements. I will not accept rental for more than 2 adults in the space as it may not be comfortable for 3 adults in one room. The guests will have access to the private entrance of basement bedroom (step down a basement stairwell of 9 steps), shared laundry area which includes FridgBright and funky architectural home (Wendell Lovett) with hip furnishings on a wooded property steps away from Lifeguarded Matthews Beach and the Burke-Gilman trail that connects to University of Washington, Children's Hospital, & University Village Shopping Center.  The home is ideal for visiting professors, doctors, or technology & biotech workers because of its proximity to these job centers. Three Bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms, and Bonus Sleeping Loft.  The main floor is an open plan space looking out onto the views and up into a vaulted ceiling.  The open stairwell is a beautiful architectural feature  For safety purposes, young children will need assistance going up and down them. Guests have access to plenty of parking, a large wooded lot, and two blocks from a bus line that connects to destinations throughout Seattle. We live next door and are available to greet guests, give them the keys, and give them a tour of the home and property.  We also have many suggestions on things to do fThis lovely, modern room and ensuite bath is detached from the main house, so you can enjoy privacy and quiet.  We are a 5 min drive from Ballard and a 15 min drive from downtown.  Welcome to our quiet, safe neighborhood! For those who would like more privacy than that offered by a room in someone's home, this detached bedroom is a perfect choice!   Important:  We recommend our guest room for those who are looking for a private, quiet place to sleep but who plan to be gone during the day.  I prefer to not host anyone for long-term stays (over a week).   The bedroom has a queen bed with a memory foam topper.  Power strips on both sides of the bed allow for cell phone charging.  Wireless internet and cable tv are provided.  There is a small, walk-in closet so that you can unpack and feel at home.  The full bath has shampoo, conditioner, and liquid soap, as well as plush towels.  The windows bring in plenty of light and fresh air in the summer, and the floors have radiant-floor heating foCome stay in our cozy mother-in-law apartment while visiting Seattle.  The apartment features a private entrance, bedroom with a queen bed, kitchen and bathroom.  The apartment is on the main floor of our big farmhouse/craftsman style house that was built in 1910.  The kitchen is stocked with breakfast foods, including organic fruit, locally baked bread,  cereals, juice, milk, coffee, teas and, best of all, fresh eggs from our own flock of chickens.  We have been hosting guests for many, many years, and while many of our guests come to see family, Ballard is a wonderful enclave in Seattle just waiting to be explored.  We are located in a quiet residential neighborhood, but great food, bakeries and of course coffee shops are all within walking distance.  We are blocks away from several different bus lines, so getting downtown couldn't be easier.  If you have rented a car, there is off-street parking for you in our extra-long driveway.  After a long day of visiting friends and family, orThis sweet little one bedroom house that sits up off the street is perfect for quiet, mature guests who plan to be out and about a lot and want a charming, comfortable place to retreat to. This sweet little one bedroom house that sits up off the street is perfect for quiet, mature guests who plan to be out and about a lot and want a charming, comfortable place to retreat to. Guests have use of the backyard. There is street parking out front, so while there isn't a dedicated parking space for you, there is usually street parking available either directly out front or very nearby. There are stairs to get up to the entrance. When possible, I love to meet my guests in person at check-in. If this space is available, it is because I plan to be away, so we may not get the chance to connect in person. However, I am always available and responsive by phone and have a local point of contact for you in case of emergencies. While I am always available to you, I try to give guests their space. I fiComfortable 2 bedroom house in desirable Ballard neighborhood. Quiet street, off street parking & close to restaurants and cafes. Walk to major bus line to downtown/historic old Ballard/U district. Beautiful backyard garden with large deck & gas BBQ.Guest suite w/ loft, brand new construction! Located in the Beautiful Ballard Neighborhood, Steps From Dining, Shopping, Beaches, Nightlife, RapidRide Access Downtown, and so much more! Guest suite includes a queen-sized bed, a kitchenette featuring a large counter-top bar with four bar stools, mini-fridge, and toaster oven, a TV, and a loft with pull-out couch! Space is open with 13 ft ceilings, and very large windows. Guests have access to all the studio suite has to offer!  Please note: This listing is for the studio portion of the property ONLY. The adjoining townhouse above may be available to rent separately or as a whole (see my other listings). I am easily available by phone, text, email, etc. I'm here if you need me, not if you don't. Ballard is an amazing neighborhood + a hip foodie hotspot. Very pet friendly, walkable to many bars, shops, restaurants, and nightlife. Golden Gardens Park is down the street which overlooks the majestic Olympic Mountains - offering walking/runniYour cozy room with full-sized bed includes a fridge, coffee-maker, free wifi and a work space. You're close to Ballard nightlife, restaurants, shops, local sights, the beach and major bus routes to downtown and other areas. Your private bedroom with attached bath is on the garden floor, with access to the shared patio. There's a full-sized bed, free wifi, small fridge stocked with water bottles and snacks, a coffee maker with coffee and assorted teas, a workspace, dresser, bedding, towels and a shower/bathtub. I have two dogs who are not allowed into the guest room, but will walk by on the way to the front yard. They also bark from upstairs when people are coming and going - don't be alarmed. This is a 3-floor townhouse and the guest room is on the garden floor, with everything else upstairs. The living area upstairs isn't included at this time. There isn't cable TV. If you're staying for 5 days or more, a load of laundry in the washer and dryer is an extra $5. You have access to the A very warm welcome to you! We are delighted to host you in our Whittier Heights home.  You will have your own reserved parking space and entrance into a private suite that features 2 bedrooms, a living room, kitchenette, and bathroom. Our suite is perfect for up to four people. One bedroom has a very comfortable double (queen-size) bed and the other has 2 single (twin-size) beds. For five people, we set out an additional mattress; For six people, we also set out an inflatable air mattress, which might not be quite as comfortable as sleeping in a real bed. From our own travels we know that REAL BEDS mean REAL COMFORT. That's why we've made it a priority to provide mattresses and box springs, instead of couches and air mattresses, to the extent that we are able. On occasion, we permit guests to use resources that are not part of the private suite. For example, if you wish to cook a special meal that requires a real stove or oven, we would consider allowing you to use the full kitchen inEnjoy your stay in Seattle in a vintage, cozy, rustic space. The apartment is the basement of my house built in 1938. Comfy queen size bed and reading nook. Coffee and tea are provided and please enjoy it in the garden oasis. I live upstairs and I'm available as needed! I love making spaces unique by finding fun things at antique and thrift stores. You will notice all my finds around the apartment.  And since this is Seattle, you need to caffeinate so tea and coffee are provided! Please feel free to use the following personal hygiene products which I have provided for your use: shampoo, conditioner, body wash, lotion, cotton balls, and qtips. Hair dryer, and iron are available as well. Please keep in mind that this is a basement and the ceilings are low in places. There is a beautiful garden with comfy outdoor seating and a grill. My dog Bowie may be in the outdoor area but he is very friendly and loves visitors. I am available by phone and you will see me and Bowie coming and going. DMake yourself at home in our sunny, cheerful, and sparkling-clean 2-bed 1-bath family home. Our sweet bungalow with large yard and bright gardens sits on a quiet street in the heart of Seattle's vibrant Ballard, Phinney, and Greenwood neighborhoods. Perfect for a family, a couple, or a solo traveler on business, Hummingbird House can flex! We sleep up to 6 people in four separate beds. Here's the layout: King bed in master, twin bunks in second bedroom, and in living room, our sofa is a top-of-the-line queen-size Comfort Sleeper--as decadent as it gets. (Living room blackout curtains allow for a good night's rest.)  We offer: -High-speed Wifi -42" flat-screen TV with HD antenna, Apple TV, and Roku -Networked Bose sound system -Beautiful stand-up piano -Allergy-free house: floor heat (radiant, no forced air), pet-free, with no wall-to-wall carpet -Fully-equipped kitchen with dishwasher, garbage disposal, and instant hot water -Laundry (washer and dryer) -Comfortable living room with pleEnjoy our beautiful 2 bd, 2 ba home nestled just north of the heart of Ballard.  Sip coffee in our cozy nook that offers natural light or cook in our updated kitchen.  Only 15 mins from downtown with easy freeway access and off-street parking. Our craftsmen offers 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with an updated kitchen.  Great space to entertain in with downstairs rec room, upstairs sitting area and large backyard. As a guest you will have access to all the amenities of our home including our HD TV's and outdoor BBQ.  You are free to use all the appliances in the kitchen.  We do have  internet here at the house and it is included in your stay.  Paddle boards are available to rent please arrange prior to your visit.  The garage and 3rd bedroom upstairs are off limits to guests of the house. We want you to relax and enjoy yourself.  If there are questions during your stay or if something is needed please contact us via email. Our quiet neighborhood offers an oasis in a bustling city.  Easy waOffering an immaculate, modern furnished apartment. Located in a charming 1930s house in north Ballard on a quiet street in a great neighborhood.  (One bus to downtown - one bus to UW)  The apartment has its own small, high end kitchen (gas range, stainless steel appliances, dishwasher and fridge - all half size and new) with granite counters, glass tile backsplash, and under cabinet lighting.  Bedroom is located off a warm & cozy living room.  Apartment has an open floor plan with lots of accent lighting throughout. Full bathroom with soaking tub (shorter than standard, twice the depth) and heated tile floor. Fully furnished and includes internet and cable TV. Lovely patio and backyard garden. Perfect for BBQs, sitting around an outdoor fire, or a morning latte & pastry.  Walking distance (10-15 minutes) to excellent restaurants, cafes and bars on Phinney Ridge or neighborhood favorites such as Honore Bakery and Delancey Italian restaurant.   We have one cat. She doesn't go into the aOur spacious room with a king size bed is located just minutes from Green-lake and Ballard. It has a shared large spa bathroom, and walk-in-closet. Everything you need is a walk away: groceries shopping, restaurants, bars, and bus line to downtown.  This is a unique listing because it is located in a prime location near Fred-Meyer, Safeway, between Ballard, Greenwood and Green Lake. The unit is part of four-town-home building newly constructed.  The guest will have access to the kitchen and living room area. The third floor is off limits.  We come from a food sharing culture. So we always love to have people over when we make dinner at home.  The neighborhood is peaceful and quiet, that is why we pick it. The neighbors are very friendly.  Yes, the bus stop for the line to downtown is just a few blocks away. The guest will have access to the kitchen, living room area and washer and dryer. The other private rooms are off limit.  We come from a food sharing culture. So we always love to hFinished in 2014 this modern home offers everything you'd expect except a master tub.  It's a perfect house for two couples or a small family (with kids over 4) to stay while in Seattle.  It's not a good house for a group of kids partying in Seattle.This large daylight basement 1 BDRM MIL apartment is a street level walk up with its own private entrance. I live upstairs and work from home as a freelance photographer/videographer and designer. When I travel, I host *quiet* guests upstairs, too.  Brand New Beautyrest Black firm queen bed (9/2014)  Secure, private and well-lit entry  Wi-Fi  Organic tea and coffee provided  Kitchen is well-equipped for longer stays (full sized refrigerator, new dishwasher and farmhouse sink, vintage cooktop (no oven, however) and toaster, and stocked with essential utensils and cookware)  Full bath, LUXURIOUS rain shower head with great water pressure, plush and abundant towels and hairdryer provided  Unit is heated through central forced air gas, with additional wall heaters for those who tend to run colder than average. (The unit stays cool in the summer on its own.)  Fresh herbs are available for clipping from the herb garden out front  Turntable/radio/mp3 player with vintage records  Small but groLarge basic room with a double bed, table, closet, and night stand. Quiet neighborhood  Unlimited street parking bus to downtown (15 mins) bicycle line leading to bicycle trail hour+ from airport by public transport Separate bathroom downstairs potentially shared with other airbnb guests.  Kitchen upstairs shared w host. Guests are free to use upstairs kitchen and living room during regular hours. I am gone most of the weekdays, but available via text or email Quiet neighborhood. Bus stop is a half block away.  15 mins to downtown Bicycle line leading to bike trail (URL HIDDEN)   (5 mins away)Bright and cozy 2 story home close to several thriving neighborhoods.  Lovely 2 story home with small backyard with patio. Newly remodeled kitchen with all the kitchen appliances and accessories you could imagine and custom, salvaged hardwood shelves. Cozy living room and extensive library. Chicken coop with green roof houses our six chickens. Collect eggs and care for the chickens during your stay, or we can arrange to have them taken care of. Pets allowed. Home is in a quiet neighborhood close to  Ballard Ave, Phinney Ridge, Green Lake, and Fremont.  Lots of opportunities nearby for dining, shopping, walking. Great micro-neighborhood around the corner with amazing restaurants (Delancey, Essex, The Fat Hen, Honore).  Bus stop is 2 blocks away. Extra double futon is available upon request.New Construction - Large and open townhouse w/ rooftop and conjoining studio w/ loft, perfect for hosting large groups and events! Just minutes away from Seattle's dining, nightlife, shopping and more! This townhouse features a number of amenities you won't be able to find at a hotel. Here's what you have to enjoy: • On the first floor, there is a studio suite with 13 foot ceilings and loft access capable of housing up to four guests; including a queen sized bed, pull out couch, full bath with walk in shower, bar top with four stools, mini-fridge, toaster-oven, and cable TV. • The second level features a spacious living-area with ample seating, half bath, and an open-kitchen with stainless steel appliances; including leather couch, high dining table, entertainment center with tv/xbox/on demand/etc., stove/oven, microwave, dishwasher, and large refrigerator. A great place to entertain! The space also features high-ceilings and windows spanning from floor to ceiling on the east and west Craftsman coziness meets modern design in this roomy 1 bedroom. Private garden entrance on a quiet street between two of my favorite foodie neighborhoods: Ballard & Greenwood.  Just a 10 minute walk to one of the best french bakeries in town. Yummm!! Better than a hotel room!  400 thread count sheets.  Huge walk-in shower.  Work at the walnut bar with USB plugs for your devices.  Speedy wireless internet available.  Use the hot-pot to quickly make tea or pour-over coffee anytime.  The XL mini-fridge stores any leftovers from your epicurean adventures! The outdoor space is shared with me & my family. It is a favorite place for us hang out around the comfortable couches & fire pit. I live in the main house with my family & enjoy interacting with guests as much as time & personal preferences permit.  I love meeting new people from around the world. An eleven minute walk takes you to a secret neighborhood between Ballard & Greenwood!  On 70th St, between 14th & 15th Ave there lies an amaziIdeally suited to guests who like their own self-contained space. Conveniently located near buses, grocery stores and restaurants in a quiet neighborhood.  In warm weather you might enjoy relaxing on the back deck. My downstairs bedroom has its own bathroom, separate entrance and a laundry room with kitchen amenities (fridge, sink, microwave, electric kettle, rice cooker, toaster oven, dishes cutlery, etc). Coffee and tea are also provided.  There's a queen futon bed w/ memory foam gel topper, dresser, desk, large closet/storage area, and more.  High-speed wireless is provided, but no cable channels. A Roku player on a large flat screen offers free Netflix streaming as well as some TV channels.    I have a deck and backyard that's very pleasant to relax in sunny weather. You would have complete privacy in this space; I only need to come downstairs once a week or so to do laundry (free use of washer and dryer). I love dogs, I don't own one right now but sometimes dog sit. I currently haNewly renovated and furnished townhouse in Ballard area, with 3 bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms, and a large back yard with patio and outdoor furniture. This 3-story townhouse is newly renovated.  The first floor has garage and a bedroom with full size bed, computer desk, TV and access to patio. Kitchen, dining area and family room is on the second floor with open floor design.  The window with south exposure has a clear of Mount Rainer. Kitchen is fully equipped. There is also a 48' TV with DirecTV service. One of the sofas can be turned into a sofa bed.  On the third floor, there are two bedrooms, two bathrooms and laundry room.   Towels and linens are provided. We also provide one high chair and two baby gates if you are traveling with a young kid. Guests have access to the entire house. This townhouse is located in a very convenient location, close to bars, restaurants, grocery stores, etc.  Ballard Locks, Golden Garden Park, Shishole Fish Ladder, Fremont, Green Lake, Woodland Park Zoo areComfortable basement apartment with a private entrance, large bedroom, living room, tiki bar, kitchenette and bathroom. Nice patio with a fenced back yard and a garden & fire pit. Walking distance to restaurants, bars, coffee shops, stores and delis and one bus to Fremont or downtown. In cool Ballard/Phinney neighbourhood. Comfortable private apt with plenty of room. Plus HBO & Showtime, DVD player, wifi, and all the amenities. Large bedroom with a queen bed. Big comfortable sofa that could sleep another or we have an extra cot. Plus we are dog friendly! We are nice hosts who are quiet and respectful of our guests. We are knowledgable about Seattle & surrounding areas and we have a couple bikes you can use.  Walking distance to cool bars, coffee shops, restaurants & green grocers. Close to Ballard & Phinney's Farmers Markets.  Plenty of street parking. Should you need any help with your visit we are here with info and knowledge so you enjoy your stay in Seattle.  But your space is privTucked just back from main thoroughfare 15th Ave NW, this studio cottage is a little oasis in fun and charming Ballard! Walk to the farmers' market, restaurants, concert venues, and waterfront views, or get cozy with a book in this sunny space. A cute space in a great neighborhood--I hope this is just the perfect hub for exploring the city! The place is yours! This is my home, so the kitchen is fully equipped with appliances and tools for preparing meals, making coffee, drinking wine. There's an outdoor seating area and a gas grill for you to use. Since the cottage is my home, I will not be here during your visit. However, prior to your arrival, you'll receive a key code and contact information in case you need anything during your stay. Although I won't be here, I hope to provide all the conveniences you need for a great stay at your home away from home! Ballard is a homey neighborhood with delicious coffee, amazing food, cute shops, and great entertainment. The commercial hub of BallCome stay in Ballard! A great neighborhood with lots to do.  Surrounded by great N.W. cuisine and breweries. I'm near the Burke Gilman Trail and bus stop which can take you to adjoining neighborhood's like University District, Fremont, Green Lake. My apartment is a big 1 bedroom apartment (750 sqft) that I share with my 2 lovely animals (1 dog and 1 cat.) Decorated in a little bit of a Latin flare and vintage,  I like antiquing. So if you are looking for a modern flare, I'm sorry but this is not the place, but very cute and clean! The building was built in 1969 for the world fair, so it's a little vintage  too! You have access to everything, but will be sharing common space with me and my pet's. I will try to stay out of way as much as possible or as much as you want. Again my is pretty large. I will interact with you ask much as you want or don't want. I am VERY social and can tell you where to get the best bites and libations. Just let me know!!  You are sharing the apartment with meBeautiful backyard cottage, built in 2010, in the Whittier Heights area of Ballard. 2 stories with kitchen, queen sized Murphy bed, 3/4 bath, living area, full sized futon, laundry, wifi. Gorgeous new deck and modern patio for relaxing. This is a private, dedicated guest cottage, not a primary residence. The cottage showcases a number of environmentally friendly features, including an electric car charging station, bamboo flooring, zero VOC paints, efficient windows, repurposed salvaged building materials and generous insulation. There are 2 stories in the cottage: - 1st floor: futon, stereo, TV, desk, laundry - 2nd floor: Murphy bed, kitchen, closet, bathroom All windows are covered with custom roller blinds that create a very dark space for sleeping. A note about cleaning - - - we have heard repeatedly that this is one of the cleanest vacation rentals around, and we are proud to offer a tidy and (almost!) spotless home-away-from-home to our guests. All linens are washed on hot, with My comfortable and sunny lower unit has designer touches and warm colors.  It's perfect for one or two and is located in a quiet, yet happening Ballard neighborhood just a 1/2 block to 3 gourmet restaurants. Sleep well on the Uber comfy mattress and tastefully decorated bedroom.  Relax in your own living room with TV and games or if the weather is nice take a cup of coffee out to the garden-like back yard.  Gorgeous Bathroom has radiant heat flooring and a huge two-head shower. Shared access to backyard.  Private and secure floor from rest of house.  Wireless Internet access and cable TV.  Mini Frig, Electric Tea Kettle and Tea/Coffee in unit. I provide towels, laundry detergent, shampoo/conditioner, soap and hair dryer. I enjoy sharing my favorite places to eat, wander and recreate and am happy to interact as much or as little as guests would like. I'm on a quiet, tree-lined residential street but only half a block to Delancey, Honore Artisan Bakery and The Fat Hen restaurants.  It's This large, newly renovated apartment has lots of natural light and a new private, full bathroom. It is well insulated to stay cool in the summer, warm in the winter.   The space has all the conveniences of a hotel room. You have a private entrance, wifi, microwave, toaster, electric kettle and a small frig.along with an assortment of tea, organic coffee, dishes, silverware etc. for you to use.  There is a  wall mounted HD T.V. with Directtv (two hundred plus channels including HBO).   There is a queen bed and a new couch that converts to a full sized  bed. The house has a huge yard and deck you are welcome to enjoy.   There are two friendly cats but they stay upstairs.  We live two blocks from  Delancy's, a  pizza spot that has been nationally recognized, Honore, a great bakery whose  crossiants were recently (April 2011) voted the best in Seattle region and the Fat Hen, a new French bistro that is getting wonderful reviews. The Ballard neighborhood has an incredible amount of restaurI am an artist and this is my home. It is full of handmade art, paintings and sculptures. A sweet peaceful getaway for the artistically inclined. The Lovely Guest Room is available all week and the Sanctuary Room is available Wed through Sat. My home is full of lovely and unique art. I am a painter and sculptor and my son is an illustrator, so creativity abounds here! We also love books and music, so there is quite a library and CD collection available. And a lovely floor-to-ceiling fireplace for cozy evenings by the fire. We have a very sweet kitty, so no other pets please!  A note on comfortability for my more religious guests. I am buddhist/pagan/nature oriented in my own spiritual realm and some of my art contains nude Goddesses, so if such things make you feel uncomfortable, you may prefer to stay elsewhere.  Lovely Guest Room: Available every day unless already booked. Sanctuary Room: Available Wed eve through Sat afternoon most weeks(Sun afternoon every other week). Unless bookeQuite, Safe neighborhood, beautiful furnished one bedroom, with a king size bed & desk, private full bathroom.Meadowbrook Retreat is located in a quiet, urban  neighborhood in North East Seattle.  About 30 minutes from SeaTac, we have easy access to Interstates 5, 520, and 90, the University of Washington, downtown Seattle, and the Pacific Northwest. •Spacious bedroom, comfy queen size bed, two large daylight windows, cozy reading chair & table, large closet and plenty of shelving. •Bathroom with shower (no tub); large mirror, sink, toilet, shelving. •Kitchen with full fridge/freezer, microwave/convection oven, hot plate and electric water kettle. Minimal utensils to create your own light meals. Bar style seating at kitchen counter. •Seating area with 2 soft chairs, lighting, table with brochures for local attractions. •Ample street parking.   •Wi-Fi always available.. Guests have the entire basement suite. The private entry is at rear of the home, and is fully secure from upper floor where owners reside. Guests come and go as they wish. We are available for questions if we're not at work or oThis is the grandest bedroom in the whole artist's house, perfect for the creatively inclined, with willow branch decor, faerie art and sculptures and a glass door that lets out onto the lovely deck. Very romantic and beautiful! My home is full of lovely and unique art. I am a painter and sculptor and my son is an illustrator, so creativity abounds here! We also love books and music, so there is quite a library and CD collection available. And a lovely floor-to-ceiling fireplace for cozy evenings by the fire. We have a very sweet kitty, so no other pets, please! For my more religious guests, I want to note that I am of a buddhist/pagan/nature orientation in my own spirituality and that my art often depicts nude Goddesses. If this makes you uncomfortable, you may prefer to lodge elsewhere.  Sanctuary Room: Available Wed through Sat or Sun. Lovely Guest Room: Available every day unless already booked. Full shared kitchen, shared bathroom with nice tub. Fireplace for fires, library and CDSpacious large, private room, opens out onto a deck. Close to I-5,  bus lines, a gym, a pool, and yoga studio. Shared kitchen, bathroom. Free parking.  Massage, Acupuncture & Medical Qi Gong services offered for an addt'l fee. Free Wifi & Movie/TV Streaming available. 2 Night Minimum, Bamboo flooring and woodsy property with lots of tress that nestles in guests to make this feel like you are staying in a green retreat  15-20 minutes from downtown Seattle. Close to Burke-Gilman Trail for walking, running, biking, yoga studio, gym, pool more... Shared bathroom, kitchen. I am the owner of the Shoreline Community Acupuncture Clinic. I understand the importance of providing excellent customer service but also respect guests privacy. Friendly neighbors that all know each other. Walking distance to the Bus line. 5-10 Minute drive from highway I-5.  Approx. 15-20 minutes to downtown Seattle. Eastside travel is 20-35 depending on the exact location and time of day. Matthews Beach, on Lake WA isJANUARY SPECIAL!!  ONLY $175 PER NIGHT! We call our home The Happy House because you will feel welcome and at home, the minute you arrive! This sweet house, with its cheery décor, has a lot of personality and artistic charm.  It is located about 8 miles north of downtown, in the eclectic Lake City/Meadowbrook area of Seattle.  There are four bedrooms that will accommodate 8 guests (there is a $20 per night charge per guest, over 6 guests).   All bedrooms have queen beds.  The efficient kitchen is and well stocked and located conveniently next to the outdoor dining area.  The house has two bathrooms (one on each floor), a living room, dining room, TV room with DVD player, a washer/dryer, wireless high-speed Internet, and off-street parking for several cars. You'll find the beds lovingly made, fresh towels in the bathroom, and a coffee/tea service in the kitchen, in addition to other homey touches, so you can begin your relaxing vacation the minute you arrive.  When you come home after aBeautiful, cozy home with a very small footprint. Experience first-hand what it's like to live in a tiny house! Kayaks and bike available for guests upon request. Enjoy all of the amenities of home in 240sqft! You'll have a full kitchen to cook meals, a dining space, a living room with a 50" TV that remote lifts from beneath the bar, a private office, a full bathroom, and a sleep space equipped with a giant skylight to gaze out at the stars.  House features: Full kitchen, including apartment sized fridge, stove/oven, microwave, instant hot water, filtered water from sink faucet, french press, and everything you need to cook and enjoy a meal! Other features include washer/dryer, private office space, loft w/queen bed and skylight (ladder access), living room w/couch and TV lift system, butcher-block bar w/stools, bathroom w/shower and composting toilet, in-wall electric heater, ceiling fan. Cleaning fee: 1. Because the tiny house has a composting toilet, I make sure it's thoroughly cleaWelcome to the tiny house! Located in Northeast Seattle's quiet, residential Wedgwood neighborhood, this home has most of the comforts and amenities of a house, but in a 144 square foot envelope. We hope you enjoy it! ***We have moved our tiny house from Wallingford (where it was previously listed)--the tiny house and hosts are the same, but in a new location!*** My partner and I built this tiny house with no experience and a limited budget. We learned a lot along the way, and certainly made a few mistakes, but our rustic tiny house is cozy, beautiful, and very functional. We are still in the process of improving this space, it needs a bit more exterior paint, and we will be updating some of the kitchen space in the coming months. We are constantly thinking of new and better ways to use the small, sweet, home! While the tiny house has all the necessities for comfort and convenience, it is quite rustic for a city home. The tiny house has a well-equipped kitchen, complete with a three-buThis amazing indoor outdoor living home has been nationally and locally published. Remodeled by local architect designer. Open concept kitchen, stainless steel appliances, hot tub, Balinese garden, koi ponds close to restaurants, downtown, shopping. This amazing indoor outdoor living home has been nationally and locally published. An Ibsen Nelson original, remodeled by local architect designer. 2 bdr/1 bath, garage, open concept kitchen, stainless steel appliances, hot tub, Balinese garden (huge space - 5 species of bamboo), antique Javanese jo-glo gathering space, 3 ft deep koi pond with wall to ceiling windows for indoor/outdoor living. Modern furnishings, lighting, and design tile floor. You won't want to leave this retreat in a private quiet setting. Close to LCW, Burke Gilman Trail, Thornton Creek Watershed Preservation park, UW, I-5, 13 minutes from downtown, & major bus routes.  Currently 1 bedroom has Queen size bed, and other bedroom has twin bunk beds allowing for flexibilityWonderful room and bathroom in West Seattle, across from the water taxi for easy city access. Lots of light, closet space, extremely comfortable bed, wifi and cable. Open plan throughout apartment and great balcony. Beach is just a walk away. Our beautiful apartment is bright, clean and has an open concept living area.There is a washer/dryer, dishwasher and full kitchen. A great balcony with seating for morning coffee or an evening glass of wine while enjoying the cityscape across Elliot Bay. We love where we live and we love the space…..and it shows. Outdoor living at our doorstep. Well, we both want to offer up any information or guidance that we can help with your adventures and travels while here. Rob works M-F, 8AM-5PM I work from home, so am more available to support. Looking forward to having you stay on your adventure. We are located right across the street from the Water Taxi that brings you across to the city within 10 minutes. There are numerous options for food and beverageLet this cozy & brightly lit room welcome you on your solo journey to the Emerald City. Relax after a busy day of meetings, fun sightseeing or your best friend's wedding. The shared bath is always clean & the company warm.This is the Guest Bedroom in our sweet home, on its own floor. Very private & quiet with its own attached full Bath. In room microwave & toaster.  Free parking. Excellent connectivity via bus. Less than 30 min bus ride to Downtown SEA. There is one cozy private bedroom with queen bed on a separate floor than the rest of house. Its a separate sunny bright room with zero disturbance and will fit two people easily. Lake City is a quiet neighborhood, really well connected to Downtown Seattle and most of the other neighborhoods like Bothell, Kenmore, University of Washington, Bellevue, North Gate Mall, U Village, Woodinville, Ballard, Queen Anne, Aurora, Green Wood, Shoreline etc. It is within easy walking distance of post office, grocery stores, restaurants, bakery, community center and library. Easy parking. No Smoking & Alcohol in our community as it is smoke free. Access to wifi wireless internet, Microwave and Coffee Maker with supplies. If needed phone will be provided to make calls. I have spare room to rent our. Private room but need share bathroom. The house locate at nice quite neighborhood. There are buses to take to downtown. There is supermarket near by. Living room, bathroom and kitchen is share. You can use any of the  cookware but clean after use.This is our second Airbnb room available at our house where we live.  The room features a full bed, desk, free parking and high-speed wifi in a quiet, forested setting.  Downtown Seattle is a 15 minute drive, or 25 minute express bus ride.  The full bathroom is right across the hall (shared with downstairs Airbnb guests).  We have two cats who roam the shared space - you must be okay with having some feline friends around!  Ideal for single travelers commuting North Seattle for work or play! The room is on the second floor, conveniently located near the entrance, bathroom, and kitchen.  It's perfect for someone who is travelling for school, work, or to visit friends/family.  All the bases are covered, you've got a desk and lamp, plenty of clothing storage, and more room to stretch in the living room/patio. Bathroom: Across the hall, this is shared with the downstairs Airbnb (if we have other guests).  We have premium organic shampoo, conditioner and soap.   Kitchen: You will find a sheRecover comfortably from your fun and busy day out and about in Seattle in this spacious, skylight lit room. Who knows what your chef-hostess might whip up for you to sample as you relax after seeing the sights of the Emerald City. Very large room filled with light and a double closet in what used to be Seattle's oldest apple orchard. In the late Summer the garden is bursting with fresh vegetables and prolific fruit trees. We've been experiencing unusually hot weather during the day, but also cool evenings, plus the newly operational heat pump keeps the home a lovely 73degs even on hot days. Enjoy the quaint dining room (seats 4), on-site laundry facilities, backyard, chef's kitchen and shared bath are available for your use. An off-street parking spot is also available for you to use during your stay. Other rooms and storage areas are for hostess access exclusively. I'll make every effory to welcome you upon arrival and make sure you have everything you need so your stay is enjoyable.Spacious bedroom with comfortable queen bed, desk, bookshelf and closet in private family home.  Full kitchen and bathroom, with separate access to outdoors from this level of the house. Carpets are new and household is generally friendly and tidy. We have two clean, modern guest rooms on lower floor of our family home. Large room has one queen bed, desk, spacious closet, bookshelf and chair.  The bedroom is just off the kitchen / rec room, and the bathroom is down a short hallway.   Full kitchen to yourself! Private bathroom with clean, modern shower and tub. Private entrance to lower floor of house. Laundry appliances readily accessible on same floor. Guests generally have this floor of the house to themselves. The family does occasionally watch TV in the rec room, and passes through the rec room to access the back yard or home office.Great room w/wonderful natural light & yet dark curtains for sleeping in.  Discounts will be given for weekly and monthly stays. Host must manually apply discount to reservation offer so send a message w/requested dates! ****Please note we have changed the bed coverings and some of the decor in this room since these photos were taken. We will try to have more photos taken soon but if you really want to see the updated space, please say that in the message and we will try to get you a few photos, but I can't guarantee we can do that soon...Thanks!***** This warm & cozy room is in our cute little house is in Lake City, which is in North Seattle. Our home is a smaller and older home, but we've added new bamboo floors over the last few years and keep it neat and tidy. We offer a value price since the rooms are a bit on the smaller side. There is one large bathroom that is shared! Brand new bamboo floors throughout, freshly painted walls and a fully equipped kitchen too. Short walk to two bThis is a small room with one single bed, a wall-mount clothes rack and a bookshelf.  It has large daylight windows looking onto our back yard. Room is comfy and sweet for short-term visitors who want a safe, simple, clean lodging in a family home. Comfy single mattress on solid wood-frame bed. Private and secure room in friendly family home.  Large daylight windows give onto planted back yard. Soothing blue-tone paint, new carpet since Dec 2015. Guest has access to full kitchen and bath as well as separate entry access on ground floor.  Also access to family home on upper floor of house as needed. Guests are welcome to be independent or engage with family. Quiet residential neighborhood with families, lots of joggers and dog-walkers. Lots of buses nearby to UW, downtown Seattle and Northgate shopping mall.  Lake City neighborhood is walking distance (10-15 min). The plumbing on the upper floor can be heard through the walls, and we are a busy, active family.  We currently have foreignMother in law apt. with separate entrance, off street parking, laundry, heated floors, and a small kitchen.  We are in a suburban neighborhood within a block of bus service direct to UW and down town. This listing is for a well used one bedroom mother in law apartment with a separate, private entrance, kitchen, bathroom (with shower, no tub). The bedroom has two twin size beds and is best suited for one or two guests who don't mind stairs.  There are several sets of short stairs throughout the apartment. There is no TV to watch (sorry, many people are surprised). This home is in a residential neighborhood location close to public transit, restaurants, library,  large grocery stores and a variety of bars and restaurants. This unit has a private driveway on the north side of the house for off street parking.  The entrance door of the unit is next to the private driveway.  Please note that the driveway is on a slope.  Again, this property is best suited for those who don't mind a slope toWonderful, cozy guest room with comfy queen size bed.  Discounts will be given for weekly and monthly stays. Host must manually apply discount to reservation offer so just sent message with dates requested. ****Please note we have changed the bed coverings and some of the decor in this room since these photos were taken. We will try to have more photos taken soon but if you really want to see the updated space, please say that in the message and we will try to get you a few photos, but I can't guarantee we can do that soon...Thanks!***** This warm & cozy room is in our cute little house is in Lake City, which is in North Seattle. Our home is a smaller and older home, but we've added new bamboo floors over the last few years and keep it neat and tidy. We offer a value price since the rooms are a bit on the smaller side. There is one large bathroom that is shared! Brand new bamboo floors throughout, freshly painted walls and a fully equipped kitchen too. Short walk to two bus lines and pGet out of downtown and relax in a welcoming and cozy 3 bedroom home surrounded by lush gardens and designed for relaxation with friends and family. 10 minutes from the amazing restaurants, cafes  and sites of downtown, and a peaceful escape from the hustle and bustle. The back yard is an Oasis, with an abundance of fruit trees and and grape vines creating the perfect place to enjoy a glass of wine or a late summer dinner. Harvest a salad from the garden and enjoy the vine ripe grapes of August and September. Very private and serene.  Enjoy home cooked meals should you choose to utilize our catering service. Delicious meals deliver right to your door!Our "Treehouse" is nestled into a quiet forested area 15 minutes north of downtown. You have the entire lower floor, a cabin theme ft. 2 Queen beds & couch, kitchenette, half bath, washer/dryer, 802.11ac (fast!) wifi. Quick Bus/drive to Pike Place Market, UW, Green Lake.  Let us make you the best coffee Seattle has to offer each morning before you get out and see Seattle! Q. What's unique about our AirBnB? • Peaceful - Seattle is an increasingly dense and bustling city, but our house is found in one of the last quiet, undeveloped neighborhoods.  There are still huge cedars and doug firs lining the streets and yards, which can't be said for much of the city anymore, sadly.  Our house is off-street, nestled into a little grove of our own.  You'll be in the quietest part of the house, where you'll hear birds instead of cars and construction.  • Charming - We call our house the "treehouse" because it features a lot of wood (floors, walls, crown molding, furniture, etc) and it's surrounded Includes use of public space with lots of art, nice garden, well equipped kitchen; very quiet cul-de-sac with nice neighbors.  Close to bus line.  Supermarkets, restaurants, library within walking distance.   Owner will be present in house.Single bed in a comfortable, clean bedroom with desk, closet space, bookshelf.  Private bathroom for guests and full kitchen with separate access to outdoors on this floor.  Friendly family that loves international culture. Cozy single bedroom on lower level of family home in North Seattle. We have two guest rooms on this floor, with access to bathroom, full kitchen and rec room.  Separate entrance on this level. Full kitchen just outside the bedroom.  Rec room, laundry facilities, free parking and separate entrance. Guests may choose to be independent or interact with our family as convenient. Quiet residential neighborhood with lots of people walking dogs, jogging, bicycling. Parks nearby. 15 min walk to Fred Meyer, Safeway and QFC. House is close to several bus lines: #73 goes to University of Washington and downtown.  #41 goes to Northgate Mall and express to downtown.  522, 312 and 306 are 7 blocks away and run express to downtown Seattle in 15 min.Charming & pretty one bedroom mother-in-law apartment w/separate entrance in a warm, family house. Quiet neighborhood. Washer/dryer, WIFI, cable TV in both living room & bedroom, full kitchenette & dining table, private patio surrounded by greenery. This is a beautiful, mother-in-law apartment on the bottom floor of our family home in a quiet neighborhood. Hardwood floors, lots of artwork, and striking antique furniture pieces lend the space a genteel charm, and a private patio surrounded by lots of greenery gives you a lovely spot to take a cup of tea or glass of wine and enjoy some fresh Seattle air.   Check-in/out Since our door operates on a key code, there's no need to worry about key hand-over. But we're on-site to greet you and get you acclimated when you arrive.  We do flexible check-in and check-out times whenever possible, otherwise check-in is at 5pm and check-out is at 11am. You have an entire apartment all to yourself, with a separate entrance. And the back patio is yours This simple room is the perfect resting spot for two travelers on the go. Two bunk beds give you each space to relax in a spacious room filled with light in this quiet Seattle neighborhood. A large, clean and well-lit room for you to relax in after a busy day of site seeing or traveling. Double closet, light, comfort and the newly operational heat pump keeps the home a lovely 73degs even on hot days. You will be given keys to the home/room to come and go as you see fit plus room in the fridge if you need to store perishables. Enjoy the quaint dining room (seats 4), on-site laundry facilities, backyard, chef's kitchen and shared bath are available for your use. An off-street parking spot is also available for you to use during your stay. Other rooms and storage areas are for hostess access exclusively. I'll make every effory to welcome you upon arrival and make sure you have everything you need so your stay is enjoyable. If I am out, a lockbox will allow you access to my home. Code provPrivate room with adjoining bathroom with luxurious shower!  Top floor of a beautiful Eco Townhouse in the Maple Leaf District of Seattle.  Radiant heated bamboo floors in common area, big beautiful kitchen.  Yoga Studio in the bottom floor.Daylight basement 1 bedroom includes a large living room, full kitchen and bathroom with shower. Across from Roosevelt HS on a quiet one-way street. Super central! Bus stop 1 block away for easy access to UW and downtown. Laundry available.       Full apartment - your home away from home! Queen size bed sleeps 2. If you need another bed to accommodate 1-2 people we can provide an air mattress or the modular couch makes into a comfy bed. Full kitchen with fridge and freezer, oven and range, microwave, dishwasher, garbage disposal, and everything you need for cooking. Whole Foods and fruit stand within walking distance. The living area has a big couch, TV and DVD (no cable), plus a glorious dining table. Guest WiFi access Feel free to use our clothes washer and dryer at your convenience. This apartment is in the basement of our home. There is a separate side entrance and guests have their own lockable door into the apartment for privacy. We are friendly and love meeting new people. SinceA short stroll from Seattle's most beloved park, our bright, newly-renovated basement suite comfortably fits two and offers a fully stocked kitchen, back yard, laundry access, and a quiet place to relax.  The central location will not disappoint! The basement suite has its own separate access from the street and very comfortably fits two, though with the futon could easily fit four.  It has a new double bed, futon, TV, bluetooth radio, and we've recently added a small dining table and chairs.  The kitchen is fully stocked with cooking utensils, pots, plans, plates, cups, etc. and a Keurig coffee maker to get you going in the morning.  Guests are more than welcome to use the backyard and BBQ, and if the timing is right help yourself to anything growing in our veggie garden!  There is also a shared laundry with washer/dryer and detergent if needed. Guests can easily access the suite from the street.  The key lock box is right next to the entrance.  Guests will have access to a shared lauA bright, cozy room on the third floor in a newer townhouse near UW and Green Lake.  The twin sized memory foam mattress will give you a nice night of sleep.  Quiet, non-smoking, pet-free household; keyless entry offers our guests more flexibility. Light-filled bedroom on the 3rd floor with shared bathrooms on 1st/2nd floor.  Laundry is on 1st floor, with kitchen and living room on the 2nd floor. The kitchen, living room and 1.5 bathrooms. Depends...I'm usually busy during the week, but may be available to show you around on weekends. Greenlake/Roosevelt is a very walkable & safe neighborhood, perfect for out of town guests who want to experience Seattle resident's lifestyle. We are also on the busline to Northgate and UW. Free parking is available on street.  Drive to UW is less than 10 minutes, and Downtown is 10 - 15 minutes.  Green Lake is reachable 20 minutes on foot, and grocery store Safeway is a few blocks away.  Whole Foods and many restaurants are within 20 minutes of walkablGet ready to be seduced! This charming two bedroom  family friendly condo located in the heart of Mapleleaf has everything.   It is on direct bus-line to downtown and UW, walking distance to countless restaurants, choice watering holes and Mapleleaf park. Welcome to my home, my artist's sanctuary, my Urban Treehouse! This unit is a two bedroom/ one bath condo in a desirable location. The unit is fully furnished with loads of charm and all the comforts of home.  For your practical needs there are a full-sized washer and dryer, dishwasher, toaster, blender, french press, stereo and Wifi .  However, what you really care about is all the fun stuff like a record player and fabulous selection of vinyl, a full-sized piano, bamboo floors, velvet chaise lounge chair, book shelves with endless reading material, and a working antique typewriter. The Urban Treehouse comfortably sleeps 4 with a queen size bed in the Zen Den and a twin size loft bed in the "kids room." The rooms are tastefully decorCouch, etc.Private room with queen size bed and closet space.  Private bathroom with shower.  Washer and dryer available for use on same floor.  Located in the Roosevelt neighborhood, 1.5 blocks away from Whole Foods, Starbucks and many restaurants and bars. Private room with queen sized bed and closet space.  Private bathroom with shower.  Washer and dryer on same floor available for use.  Guest will have the first floor to themselves as occupants have a bedroom on the third floor.  Host will always supply clean sheets and fresh towels. Bike available for use.  Access to outdoor patio.  Location is only 1.5 blocks from Whole Foods, Starbucks, and many restaurants and bars.  Greenlake, popular for running, biking, paddle-boating and picnicking, is only 5 blocks away. Hosts (myself and my fiance) will be available for help and will occupy 2nd floor (kitchen, dining room, and living room) and 3rd floor (bedroom and office).  Occupant may use shared space of kitchen and living room. Private room andModern & extremely peaceful, cozy home in a very active walking community. Relax in the hammock while reading your favorite book and BBQ at the same time. Walk across the street to Maple Leaf Park or take one of our many bicycles & explore the city! Located in Seattle, this is a spacious, clean and very comfortable "home away from home" for traveling business professionals, visitors to Seattle for a short-term stay and is ideal for a single person or a couple. The private room & private bath is furnished with: - Queen-sized bed with clean and high-end linens - Small refrigerator - Microwave and dishes - Television, cable, DVD & WiFi - Desk & chair - Large closet - Use of hot & cold water cooler and washer/dryer - Your private bathroom is attached to suite  The location yields very easy access to I-5, 8-10 minutes from downtown Seattle and 5 miles from The University of Washington. Within walking distance of shopping/restaurants, a metro bus stop and a short drive to access SR- 520 and I-90. This room/bath is comparable to a spacious & comfortable hotel room rather than a shared living situation. Each day, any dishes you use can be set on a tray directly outside of your room and will be promptly replaced with clean dishes. No smokBeautiful and comfortable garden home, with fireplace and luxurious leather furniture. Easy bicycle or bus to the UW.   Lots of natural lighting, and fully functional. One bathroom upstairs, adjacent to both bedrooms. Washer-Dryer in daylight basement, along with paneled and carpeted 3rd bedroom, that accommodates twin beds,  wifi, and HDTV. Game Room coming soon. Back porch overlooks garden setting and badminton court. Parking in drive way or street front, Back yard patio, grassy play area, lots of plants and flowers in front and back yards.  Fully equipped kitchen.  Wifi/HDTV upstairs and in basement.  Two queen bedrooms upstairs  adjacent to bathroom; 3rd large bedroom in  carpeted daylight basement, with twin beds, HDTV, and wifi. You will have access to entire house, upstairs and downstairs - soon we will be adding a game area in the unfinished daylight basement.  The daylight basement bedroom is large, comfortable, well lit, and wired w wifi and HDTV. Upon your arrival we provideOur comfortable basement apartment in Roosevelt has all you need. Located in a residential neighborhood just blocks from grocery and drug stores, restaurants and bars, as well as parks. The side entrance to the house leads to the fully finished basement apartment.  Rental includes use of the washer & dryer located in the laundry room within the apartment. Some storage is located in the area and is not included with the rental. The home upstairs is connected at the top of the stairs. The door will remained locked for your privacy. We will meet you at check-in or make the key available for you to check-in. We will be available (at least by phone) to answer any questions you may have. We will respect your privacy and will leave it up to you to get in touch with us. The Roosevelt neighborhood is extremely walkable - no car required. A Whole Foods Market grocery store is a block and a half away. Upstairs from the grocery is a Bartell Drugstore. Restaurants ranging from Subway and Taco Del MCome stay in our newly listed, separate unit, mother-in-law apartment in the lively Ravenna Neighborhood of Seattle.  With a walk score of 90 you can find your way to Whole Foods, dozens of local restaurants, coffee shops, parks and shopping. Come stay in our newly listed, separate unit, mother-in-law apartment in the lively Ravenna Neighborhood of Seattle.  With a walk score of 90 you can find your way to Whole Foods, dozens of local restaurants, coffee shops, historic Ravenna Park and Seattle's most popular park Green Lake (1 mile) all by foot.  The University of Washington campus and Husky Stadium, Children's Hospital and University Village shopping center are minutes away as is an express bus to all the downtown attractions.  The unit was recently repainted, carpeted and fully furnished with simple, modern amenities to make your stay convenient and comfortable.  This family friendly, 700 sq. ft. space has a large bedroom with a queen sized bed and a sleeper sofa in the living area 2 bedroom fully finished basement apartment with separate entrance.Beautiful view of downtown with heaps of windows, I sit on my sectional sofa and soak up the sun while the breeze blows in. It's a quiet building with secure access, lovely neighbors and truly my sanctuary to refresh and just live life. Playstation 3, Apple TV, fairly nice sound system, wifi, 55" tv, beautiful view, custom furniture throughout, fantastic bed, clean! Have access to use most everything.  Please respect my wardrobe and personal affects. Will be available over email only. Street parking is open and bus lines are prevalent.Contemporary new apartment in the heart of the Maple Leaf neighborhood. A kingsize luxury bed means a comfortable night's sleep. And it's only blocks away from great restaurants, shops and entertainment, as well as close to downtown. This chic apartment is less than a mile to Green Lake, 2 miles to University of Washington, and a short bus ride downtown.  Guests have everything they need to live comfortably during their stay including a spacious full kitchen as well as washer/dryer.  This includes a separate entrance, ample parking, and a beautiful and safe residential neighborhood. -- All linens and kitchen needs are provided -- separate entrance -- Shared BBQ (on North side of the house while apartment is on South side of the house) -- 3 miles direct route to Seattle Children's hospital and 2 miles to University Village -- 6 miles to downtown with highway entrance only 2 blocks away The Neighborhood has great green spaces with access to Green Lake. Easy access to bus line, bike trailSpacious Studio, with a separate kitchen and full bath.  The main space is comfortable, clean and modern (with new floors and paint), and has a gas fireplace that heats the room. Ample light pours in from a big eastern-facing window. The studio is a warm, cozy and lovingly appointed space.  It has a large eastern-facing window that showers the space with natural light.  It also has a highly functioning gas fireplace that heats the room quickly.   The kitchen is adjacent, in its own room.  It has a gas stove, standard refrigerator, and everything you would need to show off your cooking abilities.  The full bath is functional and the towels are large and luxurious. Guests have their own entrance to the studio and will also have access to laundry facilities. Erin and Chris will be available to help with plans, transportation options, places to visit, restaurants to enjoy, and much more. Maple Leaf is a wonderful residential neighborhood.  We are only two blocks away from a coffee shop, spWonderful secluded townhome with convenient access to I-5 and in close proximity to bus line. In walking distance to restaurants and a variety of stores. Fully furnished house with cable TV and high speed internet. 1 Car garage. Perfect for a family! Access to any part of the property! If there are any problems I will always be available to be contacted. Situated on Roosevelt avenue close to all the amenities. Restaurants, grocery stores, public transportation and just a walk away to Green Lake! Bus stop just one block away. Has a 1 car Garage and plenty of street parking.Great little apartment. Spacious Bedroom, comfortable pillow top bed, full bathroom with nice living room. Clean and well kept, great place for two people with a full length couch for a third.  Freeway entrance and exit nearby. Centrally located! The space is clean, simple and open. A nice and comfortable apartment to come home to. I'll have one locked closet with personal items. The rest of the apartment is open to use freely. I'll meet you in person to hand off keys and can be available anytime if needed. Great local mom and pop grocery store with an attached coffee shop nearby. Park across the street. A 5 minute jog to Green Lake There is a bus stop 1 block away. Freeway Southbound entrance and northbound exit on the street. Ample street parking There is free, unrestricted parking directly across the street. There is ample street parking available but some areas have 2 hour limits during the day time.This is a charming one bedroom, one bathroom bungalow-style home located in the Maple Leaf neighborhood of Seattle. It features a full kitchen and breakfast nook, as well as a spacious living room and outdoor space. The Space This is a charming one bedroom, one bathroom bungalow-style home located in the Maple Leaf neighborhood of Seattle. It features a full kitchen and breakfast nook, as well as a spacious living room and outdoor space.  The Neighborhood  Maple Leaf is a tight-knit, residential neighborhood located in North Seattle. It's popular amongst families, and was recognized as a model neighborhood. Small shops, local businesses, and family-owned restaurants are abundant on Roosevelt Avenue and 90th Street, the main business or downtown area of Maple Leaf. This home is only a few blocks away from Maple Leaf Park and Maple Leaf Reservoir as well as Green Lake.  Getting Around Bus lines are within walking distance on 80th Street, Roosevelt Way, and 5th Avenue. If you have a car, This cozy 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom house is located in North Seattle in the Roosevelt neighborhood. It's also close to Green Lake and the Woodland Park Zoo. Nearby neighborhoods include the University District, Meridian, and Ravenna. The Space This charming brightly light mother in law has one queen bed in rear bedroom and queen sized futon in living room. The center of the space is a full dining room which seats six. The apartment also offers a full kitchen with electric range and access to laundry facilities in the basement. The apartment is nestled in Seattle's Roosevelt neighborhood. One block from Whole Foods and Ravenna Park and a 15 minute walk to Greenlake and the University of Washington. The Neighborhood Roosevelt is a residential neighborhood in north Seattle. Shops, small businesses, grocery stores, and parks are the main attractions. It's also close to Green Lake and the Woodland Park Zoo. Nearby neighborhoods include the University District, Meridian, and Ravenna.  Getting ATraveling is my passion.  I believe feeling *at home* when you're on the road is precious and invaluable.  I not only provide a warm and spacious 3 bedroom house for your next visit to Seattle, I offer my commitment to serve the traveler.  This tudor-inspired home is perfect for your next vacation to Seattle. Close to the UW, Greenlake, and ideal for those who use public transportation.  Enjoy a newly remodeled kitchen, and a cute patio dining area on warm days and a warm fireplace in winter.  "Terry was extremely responsive to all our needs" Liza “Terry is a wonderful and nice person who responds to your inquiries very quickly" Mohammad  “Terry was a wonderful host and made extra effort to accommodate us." Scott This house is spacious and perfect for family vacations!  We can host 6 people comfortably, and welcome the family pet.   *This is not an event venue for dinner parties, wedding showers, family reunions, etc.  We are not permitted to host more than 6 registered guests and alloThis 1BD/1BA studio apartment in the Ravenna/Maple Leaf neighborhood is just 5 minutes north of Downtown Seattle. The Ravenna/Maple Leaf neighborhood is a residential area, great for families or those looking to stay outside of downtown Seattle. The Space This 1 bedroom/1 bathroom studio apartment in the Ravenna/Maple Leaf neighborhood is just 5 minutes north of Downtown Seattle.  The Neighborhood  The Ravenna/Maple Leaf neighborhood is a residential area, great for families or those looking to stay out of the bustling downtown area. Residents include middle to upper class families and CEOs. Thanks to the many parks and recreational areas, it has a tight-knit, community feel.  Getting Around This studio is near 1-5, the University of Washington, and is 5 minutes north of downtown.  Several bus stops on the nearby 75th Street are within walking distance.  Other Things to Note Come stay in this comfortable, relaxing studio apartment! Please remember that you will be staying in a home, noEnjoy your stay in Seattle in comfort and convenience in this historic craftsman home with updated kitchen/bath.  Located in the Roosevelt district, you are just a 5 minute drive to downtown and within blocks of dozens of restaurants and shops.  A two bedroom, single bath wlith living room, dining room and den.  Front and back garden areas with seating and a small back deck.  Suitable for three people internet/wifi, cable TV, fully stocked gourmet kitchen, books, closet and dresser space, off street parking,  Owner will be available at check in and by phone for any questions during the stay.  Owner will not be present at the listing during the stay. Located on a quiet tree-lined residential city street within blocks of shopping, restaurants, and parks with easy access to freeway and downtown.  Public transportation is located one block away. Outdoor BBQOur living room welcomes budget travelers!  You will be sleeping on a comfortable twin sized IKEA mattress off to the side.  Easy access to buslines and freeways.  House is clean and quiet, and we use keyless entry. This is a living room area right next to the dining area and kitchen. The kitchen, living room and 1.5 bathrooms. Depends...I'm usually busy during the week, but may be available to show you around on weekends.  Other housemates may be in and out as well. Greenlake/Roosevelt is a very walkable & safe neighborhood, perfect for out of town guests who want to experience Seattle resident's lifestyle. We are also on the busline to Northgate and UW. Free parking is available on street.  Drive to UW is less than 10 minutes, and Downtown is 10 - 15 minutes.  Green Lake is reachable 20 minutes on foot, and grocery store Safeway is a few blocks away.  Whole Foods and many restaurants are within 20 minutes of walkable distance.  On buslines (phone number hidden). ***Please note that wCharming and cozy basement apartment with separate entrance.  Located in the Roosevelt neighborhood, it is a walkers paradise with dozens of restaurants and bars nearby. Easy access to transit, UW, and I-5.  Located one block from Whole Foods. A lovely 700 sq. ft basement apartment with one bedroom and 3/4 bath. There is a large living room/dinning room with kitchenette.  The kitchenette has everything you'll need for cooking away from home.  The bedroom includes a luxurious king size bed, and air mattresses are available for two additional guests. Off-street parking is not available.  However, parking is free (zoned parking with guest pass) in the neighborhood and rarely is a spot more than a block away.   We live upstairs, so you may see us from time to time. Feel free to knock on our door if you need anything. However, we do try to stay as quiet as possible in the evening and early in the morning when we have guests.  We're within walking distance of three parks: Greenlake (0.8 mi),Across the street from Safeway. Walking distance to Greenlake, one of Seattle's best parks. Walking distance to bars and restaurants on Roosevelt Avenue. 5 minute bike ride to UW. Convenient bus stop. My roommate and I live here. My roommate and I live here.  We have 2 couches in another room where Airbnb guests would stay. We can provide clean sheets, pillows or mats for guests. Very convenient bus stops. Free parking. ~9 minute drive to downtown Seattle with no traffic.Two private adjoining rooms, 650 square feet. Master bedroom (queen bed, private bath, small fridge) and sitting room (dining table, desk, double futon). Residential neighborhood: restaurants, pubs, transit, shopping and parks. Great location! The guest quarters include two rooms that make up the entire second floor of this residential home. The master bedroom has a queen bed, dresser, and closet. The private bathroom area has a shower and a small refrigerator. The adjoining sitting room has a dining table and chairs, a desk, and a double futon couch/bed for additional guests. A door to the second floor allows for additional privacy. The house is located in a quiet residential neighborhood with easy transportation access by bus and car. Access to the house is through the front door. There are 8 steps to the front door and 10 steps to the second floor quarters. Free parking is available directly in front of the house. We are available for questions about the city, restaurants, and localNewly remodeled 1917 craftsman style bungalow! Beautiful, light, and spacious - a base from which to explore Seattle, or to escape the city.  Easy access to public transportation and freeways, 2 blocks from Whole Foods, close to parks and Greenlake. This newly remodeled 1917 craftsman style bungalow is a beautiful, light, spacious and comfortable base from which to explore Seattle, or to escape the city.  With easy access to public transportation and only two blocks from Whole Foods, choose to leave the car behind if you wish and enjoy the local neighborhood or hop on a bus to Downtown.   This house is 20 minutes from the airport, and 2 minutes from I-5, giving quick and easy access to almost any neighborhood in the city and Downtown.  After visiting the sights of Seattle, enjoy a walk at nearby Greenlake (0.5 miles away) or Cowen Park (2 blocks), then spend a relaxing evening in front of a warm, welcoming fireplace or on the deck overlooking the private, fenced backyard.   The bungalo3 bedroom house 5 blocks from Greenlake.  Within 1 block plenty of restaurants, shops, coffee houses and parks.  Our house offers an open living room kitchen area, a grand piano, yard and deck, washer and dryer, and all linens and kitchen utensils. This is a 3 bedroom 1.5 bathroom home.  Every room is a different color.  The master bedroom (the smallest) has a queen size bed.  The other 2 bedrooms each have 1 or 2 single beds.  There are also 2 sofa beds.  There is a bunny who lives in the living room and is free to roam around.  She is very friendly though very shy.  Let me know if this will be an issue. Guests will have access to the whole house.  Kitchenware, coffeemaker, juicer, waffle maker, microwave and toaster oven are available.  Kitchen is fully equipped.  Linens and towels are provided. If I am not traveling I will be there to greet you.  I am available by text or phone anytime. We are 5 blocks from Greenlake, and 1 block from grocery stores, pharmacies, bars, restaurants anThis room is my work-room/studio, here's where I make my art. It houses my 45" birds- eye maple loom and other such wonders. It's super comfy with yummy natural fibers and textures everywhere. Bright and spacious, in a converted old Victorian. Plenty of street parking. Near I5 and lotsa bus routes. We share the kitchen and bathroom. There is a flight of stairs up to the living space so if stairs are an issue this might not be the room for you. I am private, respectful and quiet. This is an apartment cut out of an old Victorian home and the living space is kinda unique. Close to Whole Foods Grocery, Numerous coffee shops, yoga studios and restaurants. Just off I5. Close to bus routes there is construction across the street, although everything simmers down after 5pmWarm and inviting 1 bedroom in Seattle's exciting Lower Queen Anne neighborhood, with easy access to the Space Needle, EMP and the Chihuly Glass Art museum. Near excellent restaurants, and a short walk to Pike Place Market and Downtown shopping. The Space Beautiful Modern One Bedroom Apartment! Amazing Location for exploring Seattle. Convenient and close highway access for those destinations you want to drive to : Steps away from Space Needle, Seattle Center, EMP museum, Opera House and Bill and Melinda Gates foundation, Chihuly Garden and Glass Art Museum and more...Centered in Lower Queen Anne with great entertainment options and food choices; Short walk to Lake Union where you can catch a charter cruise or hop into REI to stock up on hiking gear, Less than a mile to Downtown and Pike Place market, 5 blocks from Belltown where you can nibble on great food and explore some shopping. Great access to Interstate 5, Highway 99 and the major throughways and bridges that connect you to the Note: Inquire about renting entire apartment. Great location in Upper Queen Anne, next to Kerry Park, Olympic Mountain Overlook, Under 10 Mins. from Pikes, Downtown, Space Needle Piers and the EMP Museum, etc. Quiet high class very safe neighborhood. It's a 600 sq. foot apartment that you can call home for your stay.  Amidst some of the top rated food places in Seattle, (How to cook a wolf, Lloyd Martin, Via Tribunali, Betty, Chocolopolis, Pesos, Toulouse, etc.) and some of the best views in Seattle (Kerry Park, Olympic Mountain Overlook)  This place is located right off the beaten path on one of the calmest, prettiest streets/neighborhoods to stroll in Seattle.  I love it here and would be happy to share the area and space with you.  Uber rides anywhere in the city almost always run $10.00.  Public transit stops just across the street a block away.  Sleeping arrangements can be in either a private room, or the common living space, via the new full sized futon, in the living room. I'llSpacious private room/bath at the Seattle Center Townhouse with access to everything Seattle. Tempurpedic mattresses and natural lit  bathroom, soft towels and comfy throw. One block to the bus; four blocks to the Monorail; short walk to Lake Union. Spectacular 360 degree views are great...if you plan on staying in! We offer prime location, comfortable accommodations AND views. No shared elevators, rooftop decks or bathrooms here and no hills to climb on foot. This modern 1840 sq. ft. townhouse sits at the gateway to the Seattle Center and offers 3 spacious private rooms with Tempurpedic/foam mattress beds and full baths. Rent a room or rent the entire townhouse.  SCGH Guest Accommodations:  * 3rd fl. master suite with king bed, master bath, and deck view of downtown  * 3rd fl. bedroom with queen bed, full bath, and peek-a-boo view of Seattle Center's Space Needle.  * Large 1st floor bedroom with queen bed, private bath, and private access to patio.  * 2nd floor kitchen, dining room wi    You'll be getting cozy private room with private bath in 2BD/2BT apartment in downtown. It is right next to Space Needle and you have access to public transport right outside apartment. If you are staying on weekends, NightLife is like 2 blocks away.    Less than a block away from space needle and glass/EDM museum, Easy access to various forms (Bus, Monorail) to public transport. Private room with private bath. I love to interact with guests and show them my city depending on my and their availability. Come and enjoy the beautiful sights and sounds of Seattle oldest neighborhood, Queen Anne. Walking distance to Key arena, Seattle Center, Space Needle, EMP and close to the major bus lines. 5 minutes from Centurylink, Safeco and Downtown Seattle. It's a 2 bedroom 1 bath condo with a balcony overlooking Seattle, with a wood burning fireplace, grill, gas range, Jacuzzi bath tub, and WIFI. Decorated in a vintage antique style, lots of open space hang out, watch a movie, play games  and relax. This is a secured building and you will need a key for the gate as well as for the unit. There is a rooftop deck that is also available to watch the amazing Seattle sunrises and sunsets. I will be local so if there are any questions, concerns or if you need help with anything I will be available via email, text and phone. Queen Anne is Seattle's oldest neighborhood filled with unique shops, restaurants and breathtaking views of this beautiful city. A close five minute walk to Seattle Center, EMP, andBRAND NEW TOP FLOOR URBAN CHIC DECOR 1 BEDROOM WITH QUEEN TEMPURPEDIC MATTRESS  CITY CENTER LOCATION- SEATTLE IS AT YOUR DOORSTEP! Walk to Amazon, Zulily, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) High end furnishings, all the amenities of a boutique hotel!  PARKING options Posh, brand new one bedroom open floor plan in a gorgeous building in a prime location! Boutique styled decor, everything you will need to make your stay as comfortable as home! Walk to the Amazon headquarters, Zulilys' new Elliott Ave location, Nordstroms' Flagship store, Microsoft connector is just minutes for an effortless commute! Modern chic sliding frosted glass door enclose your bedroom area- Queen sized TEMPURPEDIC bed with down linens. Lots of extra blankets and pillows if needed!  Living area offers a gorgeous velvet tufted sleeper sofa that converts into a full size bed. 47 in. SmarTV with Netflix, Hulu, app.'s galore!! Wifi included in the unit as well - All common areas!  Desk area + extra seating - Dining area for 2Hi all, welcome! I love my studio and I think you will too.  It's located on the top floor of a classic brick building in Lower Queen Anne, just three blocks from the Space Needle. It's mostly hardwood with modern appliances and plenty of sun.Large apt. (~700 sq. feet) 6-7 block walk to Space Needle (which includes a convenient 3 min. monorail straight to downtown)! The apt. has all the amenities including secure entrance, free parking outside and a rooftop deck with an AMAZING view.Mid-sized one bedroom apartment situated just steps from the Seattle Center, houses the Space Needle.  It comfortably fits two and is located on a quiet street in a great central location. 15-20 min walk downtown. Includes roof key with great view! Very close to Seattle Center and Key Arena.  Convenient location just across the street is great for NCAA basketball fans!RIGHT NEXT TO KEY ARENA! Wonderful 2 bd 2 ba unit in, 1 block from Seattle Center & right in the middle of all fun to be had in this neighborhood! Walk score of 92 w/ so many things nearby: Sculpture Park, Space Needle, 20 min walk to Pike Place etc! Perfect for your stay in Seattle! Great space in a wonderful area of Seattle.  It doesn't get much better!   Walk right out the door and to Key Arena and the Space Needle.  Surrounded by top notch restaurants and bars and minutes from the Sculpture park and the waterfront.  Easily fits 4 people and has everything you need within the space. Guests will have access to cable, wifi. I will be in the area and guests can contact me anytime. Queen Anne is one of the great neighborhoods in Seattle.  So close to the water, downtown and the Space Needle.   Has multiple bars and restaurants as well as grocery stores if needed. There is a bus stop right across the street and it's a five minute walk to the monorail at Seattle Center which will take youOur spacious one bedroom apartment is located in the Lower Queen Anne neighborhood of Seattle, just a short walk to the Seattle Center which encompasses the Space Needle, Experience Music Project, Chihuly Garden and Glass, and other attractions! Our apartment is in an older midcentury building in the Lower Queen Anne neighborhood. Our bathroom and kitchen do not have updated appliances but they are very clean. We have worked hard to make our space warm and inviting. We hope that all of our guests will enjoy the neighborhood and special features of our home. We want your stay to feel like home. There are just a few cabinets and closets that we prefer that guests do not use and those will be marked. My husband or I will be here to check all guests in when they arrive. I can offer any parking assistance if needed. I can also offer any sightseeing, food, or coffee suggestions. Walking- There are grocery stores, bars, and restaurants all in walking distance! Buses-Seattle public transportatWake up to your morning coffee in the balcony overlooking Seattle, or walk to Pike Place and surrounding neighborhood for some of the best sights, dining and entertainment in the city. 3 miles from CenturyLink Field. Wifi, stocked kitchen, W&D.Glance out the window and the Space Needle is greeting you in this cozy Lower Queen Anne apt. Queen bed, vintage furnishings, spacious kitchen, fireplace, and laundry/dryer at your disposal. Remodeled exercise facility is steps away. Couple approved.Awesome view. Great LocationAt the bottom of Queen Anne's sought after West slope; is my charming Uptown apartment.  The building was originally built in 1898, has been has been updated with a modern and fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen includes a dishwasher, garbage disposal, microwave and small oven and stove, full size refrigerator and freezer as well as a washer/dryer unit.   This apartment is located on the second floor, there are 23 steps to the second floor, and has a South facing front door and is bright with a lovely cross breeze when with open windows.  The apartment accommodation two adults and a child.  There is wireless internet, flat screen  t.v and a Bluetooth  radio in the Living room.  The living room's couch/ love seat folds out into a small bed, best for small children, not too comfortable for adults.   In the bedroom you will find a Queen sized bed, I-phone docking clock radio, two side tables with drawers, long closet with luggage rack and hanging organizer.   We have limited parking, for Right next to the space needle and just a few blocks from downtown, this studio is a great location for all the fun plans you have here in Seattle. Located next to the Key Arena and with lots of local restaurants, its a great launching point.Located in Lower Queen Anne, this 1 bdrm condo is 1/2 block from the Seattle Center, and less than a mile to Pike Place Market and downtown.  A top floor apartment in a historic building with hardwood floors, new appliances, and lot's of sunlight! There is no parking space for this unit.  Street parking is available, but really a car isn't needed to navigate the city.  There are multiple nearby bus stops, and a monorail into downtown from the Seattle Center, but the walk to downtown is only about a mile.A great large 2 bed 2 bath condo right in the heart of lower Queen Anne with modern kitchen. Close to the waterfront, Seattle Center, restaurants, bars, theaters, and more. Includes parking spots and roof deck with panoramic views of Seattle. Full two bed two bath condo. Two underground parking spots. Roof access with outstanding views. I love Seattle and am more than hoppy to help you plan the best stay! I will leave lots of recommendations. I like in an outstanding secured building in lower queen anne. New, clean, and secure. You are a short walk from so many great things including the water front, Seattle center, and lot of food and drinks.  You are also a short 15 minute walk from Pike Place market and all of downtown Seattle. The view!Space Age ... meet Airbnb.  Here's your chance to glamp (glamor camp) within a stone's throw (given a good arm) of Seattle Center and the Space Needle. A brand spanking new 25-foot Airstream is ready and waiting. Complete with a queen-size bed, full kitchen, and wonderful yard, it's not exactly roughing it. Add 2 wide-screen TVs and Bluetooth, and maybe we should rename it Urbamping. The shiny, riveted exterior is mirrored inside, with beautiful lighting and plush leather furniture. The kitchen is stocked with coffee, tea, and treats, and has a coffee-maker. Soft, plush leather seating greets you in the front area. All fixtures are the highest grade in this Airstream "Serenity" 25. The bedroom has a queen-sized, firm, pillow-top bed, and is very private. Wake up in the morning to the hummingbird couple that frequents the fuscia bush outside the bedroom. You look out onto a wonderful, secluded patio, surrounded by flowers and gardens. Treat yourself to the hammock, or just laze about inLovely one bedroom apartment (with an extra pull-out bed in the living room), just steps away from the Space Needle, Key Area, restaurants, shopping, and more. This apartment is located in a classic brick building, offering modern conveniences in one of Seattle's oldest and most charming neighborhoods. Just steps away from shops, restaurants, theaters, and all that the Seattle Center has to offer. No need to worry about driving and parking... This location allows you to walk or bus all around town! A short walk and you can: ~See the ballet or opera at McCaw Hall ~Catch a concert or game at Key Arena ~Explore the Space Needle, Pacific Science Center, EMP, and Chihuly Garden and Glass A quick bus ride takes you to: ~Downtown Seattle ~Pike's Place Market ~The Seattle Great Wheel ~The Seattle Aquarium ~And much more I am readily available via text and email to answer any questions about the apartment, public transportation, etc. You couldn't ask for a better neighborhood. Close enough to eSuper close to downtown Seattle, walking distance from the Pike Place Market! Great apartment with huge kitchen and island. 60inch TV included to watch movies!NEW 2600 sq ft townhome w/ most famous 180 degree  view of Seattle.   1200 Sq ft roof top deck.  5 Star luxury and location.  Gated, secure , 2 car garage parking,  2 Qn bedrooms, NEW Restoration Hardware appointments.  Private Penthouse experience The ultimate Seattle postcard view from brand new townhome across the street from Kerry Park vista point.   The second most recognized skyline in the world (Paris is first).   Gated, secure, elegantly appointed with the best fixtures and Restoration Hardware furnishings.  Gracefully accommodates 4 but can provide third rollaway bed (see terms for upcharge) for master suite to accommodate 5 if needed.   Please advise on fifth guest in advance for rollaway Two car garaged parking under home.    Smart internet TV, wi fi internet, Wolf range, Subzero frig, massive double master shower. soaking tub,  two queen beds, rooftop deck that can be used for view and entertaining. Always available by phone and by text Queen Anne is upscale enclave within If you don't mind minor quirks this is the place for you. Great location on the edge of downtown near Space Needle, free street parking, close bus stops, growing neighborhood. Clean, sunlights, lots of windows. Minimum 2 night stay READ EXTRA DETAILS Whole apartment If I'm in town I'll be able to help you out with anything. If I'm out of town my neighbors are super friendly and helpful. QFC grocery store two blocks away.  Good restaurants nearby...Crow, two blocks away, spendy but great. Citizen coffee one block away, great breakfast too. Laredos one block away decent Mexican and bar. Nabob is a popular local bar that I don't go to for some reason, pool, two blocks away.  10-15 minute walk west down Mercer brings you to Pesos, great breakfast, frat type bar thur-sat. Right next to it is Toulouse Petit, best food in the hood. If you take Roy west from my place you'll run into McMenimins, decent pub. Solo bar next to it. And on the next block The Streamline Tavern, my personal favorite h1BD apartment - amazing view of downtown Seattle. NOW WITH AC! Prime location is walking distance to the Seattle Center/Space Needle, Lake Union, several great theaters, and fantastic Queen Anne restaurants. Queen bed, futon, Projector, Hulu/netflix Washer and Dryer quarter-machines are available around the corner. Full kitchen is available! Just please avoid using the cast iron pan... folks tend to wash it and it will rust:( I have one guest parking tag for parking anywhere around this block. Bus stops are few blocks away, and the buses are pretty good here. It's kind of hilly just around my building. There are neighbors upstairs, and floors are wood, so you can hear them walk around if you are not used to that. I have a dog that lives in the house. She will not be there and the place will be cleaned, but allergy sufferers should be aware.She has just been redressed and refreshed with all new paint, refinished and yes gleaming fir floors and a new kitchen marble countertops, sink, faucet and backsplash.  She is ready to go! 2 blocks from the space needle and a walk score of 94! I hope you love my Victorian and much as I do!  She sits on a sweet street that is quiet and has off street parking for 2 cars, which is very unusual. Once you enter into the home I hope you love the firs floors that we just redone and all the fresh paint and the new kitchen.  If you love to cook, the cast iron 6 burner gas stove has lots of experience with chefs of all levels. The living room is so bright and open with the bay window and don't worry, the new smart TV is hiding in the corner. The bedroom...love love love...has a great sleeping area plus a sitting area with a buttery smooth leather loveseat. The list goes on...please take a look and feel free to ask me any questions! Walkscore details with transit: (URL HIDDEN) It is a duplex and Our comfortable roomy two bedroom condo boasts a breathtaking view and great walkability to everything you may want to do and see while visiting the Emerald city! This sunny unit, located in a highly desirable area of town, is a wonderful place to relax. It's cozy and inviting.  The interior is quiet but minutes from the action of the city. The view is breathtaking, which is why we bought it.  The proximity to everything you want to do can't be beat.  It's located in a small, well kept building. The condo is tranquil, and the surrounding neighborhood vibrant and safe. You can use our free, secure parking spot.   There is a general use patio that accommodates up to 15 people in addition to a private balcony.  Full kitchen and washer and dryer are in the unit.  It has a small private patio with two chairs, a table and bar b q if you can use should you want to stay in and enjoy the sunset.  (Trust me, you'll want to leave your car parked and walk to all the cool things that are within minPRIME Space Needle VIEW - this BRAND NEW condo is a chic urban getaway with the HIGHEST QUALITY interior features!  Accommodates 4 comfortably - Parking options - Quiet city view! Walk to City Center, Amazon, Zulily & all Seattle has to offer! Prime location for Amazon employees to stroll to work, Zulily- within blocks! Across the street from the Key Arena and Space Needle City Center, EMP and Chihuly Glass Museum! Sitting above the treeline, you can hardly tell you are in the heart of the city! Queen sized TEMPURPEDIC bed with plush down linens. Full sized sleeper sofa accommodates up to 4 in the condo. Lots of extra linens, blankets and pillows provided! Chic rustic interior design throughout! Dining area off kitchen to work or eat while looking onto the bustling city center below! Thoughtfully designed with contemporary interior finishes, LED lighting. Designer kitchens with stainless appliance suite, dimmable under-counter lighting and IT IS ALL BRAND NEW! Electric wine bottle openThis is a beautiful and spacious one bedroom apartment with an amazing view of the Space Needle from the bedroom.   At the bottom of Queen Anne's sought after West slope; is my charming Uptown apartment.  The building was originally built in 1898, has been has been updated with a modern and fully equipped kitchen.This kitchen has a full size oven, glass top stove, microwave, full size refrigerator, dishwasher, garbage disposal, and a washer/dryer in the unit. This apartment is on the second floor and has a South facing front door and is bright with a lovely cross breeze when with open windows. The apartment comes with wireless internet, flat screen t.v and a Bluetooth radio/stereo and DVD player.  The living room couch folds open into a bed for two.   From the bedroom windows you can view the lovely Space Needle.  The bedroom has vaulted ceiling and a ceiling fan, a queen sized bed, Iphone docking clock radio two side tables with drawers, long closet with and luggage rack. We have limiCharming newly renovated 1924 home is fully stocked with modern comforts while maintaining all of its original character.  This 950+ sq ft one bedroom, plus study (complete with queen wall bed) is a perfect home away from home.  Walk Score of 93. Whether it's for a week-end away or a scheduled business trip you'll enjoy your stay in this cozy duplex/home.   This 1920's home has original newly refinished hardwood floors, 9 foot ceilings, crown molding, log burning fireplace, radiant heat, wooden shutters, large closet and lots of windows.   New updates include brand new appliances and countertops in the kitchen, subway and hexagon tiles in the bathroom.   Professionally decorated to be warm and inviting.  Vintage Thomasville furniture, down filled couch from the Seattle Design Center, numerous framed art work all add to the charm of the home. You will have exclusive access to many of the comforts of home.  One free parking space, free dedicated wifi, streaming Netflix, two TVs includingLocation!! A half mile from space needle in lower queen Anne. Experience Seattle with remodeled studio w/tons of charm and modern kitchen. Beautiful 1930 building with garage spot. Looking for longer term renter. At end of Cul de sac next to park. This apartment is at the end of a street at a cup-de sac next to a park. Can see ocean view from the park.  Apartment has original hardwood floors and new black/white retro tile in Kitchen.  All new furniture including Murphy bed, tulip table, couch, commercial grade frig, new stove, stainless counterscarp in kitchen etc.  2 sets of leaded glass double doors for large closet and separate kitchen from living area. One garage secure parking spot with unit.  Laundry on site in building.  Vintage elevator with door and slide gate! The unit and building has amazing original charm. This is a very quiet neighborhood as not near any major roads and yet restaraunts, coffee shops, grocery store etc all within walking distance. Secure garage by remote eEnjoy a living space that centers on a spectacular panoramic view of downtown, The Needle, Mount Rainier, Puget Sound and Bainbridge Island from this immaculate apartment on Queen Anne Hill in one of Seattle's finest neighborhoods. This apartment in Upper Queen Anne has everything you need for a home base during your stay in Seattle. Superb location, a beautiful space and one of the best residential views in all of Seattle plus a fully furnished house and stocked kitchen & linen closet make this an easy and charming place for you to kick back during your stay.  Our living space is separated in two; one beautiful, large sofa sits facing our massive living room windows so you and your friends can enjoy the breathtaking, sweeping views which are lovely day and night. Watch the ferries steam to and from Brainbridge Island and Seattle, enjoy the unique blend of cosmopolitan city and port lights at night and watch Mount Rainier light up during the sunset. Our dining room table tucks comfortaVery comfortable, friendly cat, clean, safe, close to everything, great view. Cat will not be in the apartment from dec 23 to the new year.  Close to metro  Just to be clear- it is a studio apartment you will have to yourself. Within walking distance to all of downtown Seattle Free wifi and bathroom. I will meet you with the keys Bus stops everywhere, car2go, zip car, uber, lyft, taxi, walking Please send me your real email address with your inquiry so I can give you instructions. Thank you!This updated lower Queen Anne townhouse is close to everything--the Space Needle, EMP, Lake Union, Elliott Bay, Pike Place Market. Coffee shops, bars, and restaurants are all within a few blocks. 1bd/1.5 ba, sleeps 2 or 3 if the 3rd likes the couch! The townhouse is located in the center of Queen Anne, and close to all of Seattle's must-see's and must-do's.  I moved into the townhouse a few months ago, so only one bedroom is ready for guests. The second bedroom is a storage room but there is enough room in there for an air mattress if you need additional sleeping space. The unit is fully furnished with kitchen items, towels and linens, a washer/dryer, and a grill. The unit does NOT include parking. You'll need to find street parking which is free with no time limits on my street. Buses and cabs are easy around here! I will not be on the premises but will be available by email or phone, and will have a local manager available in Seattle should any emergencies crop up.  Queen Anne is oneA modern three-bedroom townhome, with an accessible, convenient setting.  Includes central air (a rarity in Seattle) and off-street parking. A townhome over three levels - master bedroom with queen bed and  bedroom with twin bed, and great master bath with large soaking tub and large stand-up shower upstairs. Main level includes living room with TV and Xbox One, Apple TV, and Wii U, dining room with seating for 6, and a kitchen well-equipped for cooking. One car parking in private garage, plus one street parking permit. Located in the vibrant Lower Queen Anne neighborhood, a block from the Seattle Center, where you can enjoy the Space Needle, Experience Music Project, Science Center, and KeyArena. There are many other shops, restaurants, and bars within a few blocks. Walking distance to downtown, Belltown, and South Lake Union. Access to the entire house, and one garage parking spot. We rent the house while we are out of town, so typically we don't see guests in person. Metro buses incNorth Belltown apartment, close to EVERYTHING! 94 Walk Score Space Needle: 3 blocks Science Center: across the street Sculpture Park: 3 blocks Pike Place Market: .8 mile Key Arena: 3 blocks 100" HD screen with Neflix, Hulu+ and network TV.    The Apartment is in a classic 1928 three story brick walk up. Located in North Belltown, it is a clean, quiet and safe place to make your visit to Seattle feel like home.  This is a studio apartment that is 450 square feet.  This is actually a larger sized studio for the Seattle area. Although this building has not been restored to it's original glory, it is well maintained and the apartment has more character than the newer buildings in my opinion.  Please keep in mind that the bathtub, toilet, and other fixtures are approaching 90 years years of age!  What some guests have mistaken as being dirty is simply a lot of years of wear and tear. The entire apartment will be available to you. When possible, I am present for check in and out.  During youBeautiful modern 2bd 2ba w water view in heart of Lower Queen Anne. New appliances, comfy bedrooms, big screen tv / Comcast / wifi.  Amazing rooftop with killer views & bbq. Short walk to cafes, restaurants, bars, waterfront, Space Needle & 15 min walk to Pike Place Market.  Cozy home for you to enjoy! There is a wonderful rooftop deck with views of the city, space needle, and Elliott Bay. There is also a fantastic pedestrian bridge in front of our apartment so that you can walk to the Olympic Sculpture Park in just a few minutes. We will not be present during your visit. There is a bus stop just a block away, and an Uber can always show up in minutes. Great location.My place is conveniently located in Lower Queen Anne and just steps away from the Space Needle, waterfront, Pike's Place Market, and downtown.   My building is brand new, secured entry and extremely walkable to anything you want to see!! This is an open 1BR concept.  2-3 people will fit comfortably in the space.   I am on an end unit so it is fairly quiet. All access, but please be mindful of my stuff! Hi!  I will be there to greet you and when you leave!  You can always call me for anything you need.  You are gonna have a great time! Queen Anne is a classic neighborhood in downtown Seattle.  My place is located in the "Up-Town Neighborhood" (considered lower Queen Anne). There is sooo much to do!  Check out this link to explore Queen Anne More: (URL HIDDEN) I am walking distance to many things (drug store, grocery stores, food, coffee, beer :) I would suggest you walk to the Sculpture Park (URL HIDDEN) then on the waterfront to Pike's Place.  It is beautiful and actually only about 1.I own this condo, and take deep pride and love for it. I am looking for an individual or couple that would like to rent my entire home, that will respect, and take care of it as if it were their home.  Large furnished balcony, high end finishes, high ceilings, plenty of light with western exposure, very quiet (especially when doors are closed). Very comfortable pillow top BeautyRest queen bed. Towels, shampoo, soap, dishes, wine glasses, pots/pans, and silverware all available for use.  I will meet you before handing over the keys, and give the full run down on the unit inside and out. Request guests be over 30 years old, and no more than two people during stay. I will take a deposit.  I intend to interact with my guests, and will be fully available. I won't be in the unit at all during your stay. No cats, dogs or pets allowed in the home. Please understand that this is my home, and therefore I have quite a few personal effects in place, therefore I will leave instructions just to clarI have been living in this apartment for the past 2 months and absolutely love it.  It has a lot of charm to it and sits conveniently at the top of Queen Anne.  A short walk gets you to some of the prettiest sites in the Seattle Area. Great Living!Historic building with a cozy, comfortable, quiet unit. Hardwood  floors, top corner unit. This building DOES NOT have an elevator. Unit is on 3rd floor so you'll have to take the stairs up. Bathroom is only accessible by walking through the bedroom. Great for two people, but you can squeeze in that 3rd pal no problem. Entire one bedroom. Futon in living room can be a firm double bed or a couch.  The mattress in the bedroom is a plush double bed.  Interactions during stay are directly with me. Please do not contact management of building. Upon arrival we can meet to exchange keys and I'm also available upon request throughout stay. Walk to everything! The space needle and key arena are a hop, skip and a jump. Monorail is a quick walk away. Bus stop is one block away. Public transportation from SEA Airport to unit is a definite possibility! For those driving I have one city zone 13 guest parking pass available to use. For a second car, street parking is pay by the hour, maxed at 4 hoursAre you in town for business or vacation, this one bedroom in the Lower Queen Anne is the place ,  five blocks from the Space Needle, blocks from Gate Foundation, Amazon . Walking distance to QFC, lots restaurants and very close to Downtown Seattle. This apartment is located on the second floor. The apartment is bright with a lovely cross breeze when you open the windows. The apartment accommodation up to four people, there is a queen size bed and in the living room, the couch pull out to make a full size bed. There is wireless internet, flat screen t.v  in the living room. In the bedroom you will find a Queen sized bed,  side table , wall to wall long closet with extra linens. Fully stocked Kitchen  This space is charming, bright and cheerful, you'll feel good just being here.   It is an older building but once you are inside its almost brand new.   Everything in the unit is for your use and enjoyment. If you have a child please let me know in advance we have a playpen and stroller avA beautiful loft apartment in lower Queen Anne, only minutes away from Seattle Center, Space Needle & Pike Place Market. The water views are so beautiful here. You will love it! Secure garage parking available. Hola, Kon'nichiwa, Bonjour, Ni hao, Namaste, Xin Chao !!! * If this unit is booked, check out my other units under my profile. * Please msg me about yourself (age, gender, lifestyle) before booking.  * Also be sure to have a picture, and verification. * If possible, let me know your check in and check out times, and if you will need a secured parking spot for a small extra fee. Thank you for looking at our brand new 780 sqft loft in downtown Seattle's lower Queen Anne Neighborhood otherwise known as Interbay. In the space, you will have brand new queen sized bed, comfortable sofa, flatscreen TV, kitchen appliances, tower fan, washer and dryer for laundry, and a lot more. Balcony Gym Secure garage parking spot for a small fee A day before check-in I will contact you about arrivalCozy one bedroom located in the heart of Seattle, next to the Seattle Center and the Space Needle. Guests will have access to the entire apartment! Enjoy access to the rooftop, gym and common areas in the apartment building. The apartment is conveniently located next to restaurants (Agave, Taylor Shellfish & Triumph Bar are downstairs!) grocery stores (Metropolitan Market and Safeway are close by) and city attractions (Seattle Center, Key Arena and the Space Needle are all within walking distance.) There is a bus stop located one block away with transportation to downtown.Great studio apartment with a huge balcony-patio with a view on Space Needle. It is 650 sq. feet, located on lower Queen Anne, right next to the Seattle Center/Space Needle, 24 hour stores, 24 hour pharmacy, nice bars and restaurants The location I will let you know where to pick up the key. When you enter the building thru the main entrance (on Roy street), go to your left and take an elevator or stairs to the 2nd floor. The apartment #211 is located in the corner (from the elevator - turn twice to your right) Feel Free to reach me @(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN), if I don't answer right away (since I am working), leave me a voice mail or text, I will get back to you ASAP. You can also email me (EMAIL HIDDEN) Queen Anne is my favorite neighborhood in Seattle, it is so easy to get anywhere and on a sunny day you can just walk. Favorite Places in the area: Kerry Park, Pike Place Market, Seattle Center, Coffee shops: Bustle, Storyville Coffee, Cafe Ladro; great place for dinner, happy hour and brSeattle Center Inn is close to so many of Seattle's most famous tourist spots, This neighborhood has a walking score of 92!  Easy to get around on foot or bus.   At the bottom of Queen Anne's sought after West slope; is my charming Uptown apartment.  The building was originally built in 1898, has been has been updated with a modern and fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen includes a dishwasher, garbage disposal, microwave, oven and stove, full size refrigerator and freezer as well as a all in one washer/dryer unit. This apartment is located on the first floor, there are 5 steps to the  East facing front door.  The apartment is bright with a lovely cross breeze when you open the windows. The apartment accommodation up to four people, there is a queen size bed and in the living room, the couch pull out to make a full size bed.  There is wireless internet, flat screen t.v and a Bluetooth radio in the living room.  In the bedroom you will find a Queen sized bed, I-phone docking clock radio,The centrally located Puget Vista apartment features everything that the Queen Anne area of Seattle has to offer.  Public transportation ranges from a number of bus routes, and if buses aren't your thing.Chic 1br condo with secure garage parking. Full size granite kitchen, spacious bedroom. 3min walk to space needle. Buses at the corner to downtown within minutes. A variety of restaurants and Safeway grocery store within 3mins walk. Safe neighborhood. Roof top view of ocean and Mt Rainer is the plus! The listing is for the private bedroom in the unit. I will stay on the sofa bed in the spacious living room with room divider for privacy. I travel often, so it is possible I will be gone during your stay.  I work full time Mon through Fri, 9-6. I am quiet and respectful. Hope you will enjoy your stay here. Full kitchen I am an outgoing young professional. I would like to share my condo and meet new friends. This beautiful condo is located in lower Queen Anne neighborhood. Safe and close to everything. 2mins walk to Key Arena. 3mins walk to Space Needle. 3mins walk to Safeway grocery. 3mins walk to Pacific Ocean (park and running trail along the shore). Buses to downtown and Capital Hill aI live in one of the cutest most quaint neighborhoods called Queen Anne.  My apartment is situated near a park and not too far from the waterfront and downtown Seattle.  I would describe my apartment as vintage, minimalistic, and cozy. I love interior design and am always working to make my space feel spacious and cozy.  I have decorated my space to help feature some of the special aspects of living in a vintage apartment, such as the beautiful wood floors and vintage bathroom tiling. I will be staying nearby and amiable by phone as well as meeting up for coffee to hear about your travels or giving you some pointers and ideas about adventuring in Seattle! Queen Anne is lined with old vintage apartment buildings and coffee shops, not to mention parks in every direction with break taking views of the ocean as well as downtown Seattle!  My apartment is so centrally located, that you can access most places by foot, Seattle bike rentals, and by public transit! They have just started a superGreat neighborhood lower Queen Anne, few blocks from Space Needle,  Very nice furniture, washer and dryer in unit, Nice view of the city from your living room. Comfy and clean. This apartment is located on the second floor. The apartment is bright with a lovely cross breeze when you open the windows. The apartment accommodation up to four people, there is a queen size bed and in the living room, the couch pull out to make a full size bed. There is wireless internet, flat screen t.v  in the living room. In the bedroom you will find a Queen sized bed,  side table , wall to wall long closet with extra linens. Fully stocked Kitchen  Washer and Dryer in the unit. This space is charming, bright and cheerful, you'll feel good just being here.   It is an older building but once you are inside its almost brand new.   Everything in the unit is for your use and enjoyment. If you have a child please let me know in advance we have a playpen and stroller available for your use. Just a 5 to 10 minuteFull private room with full private bathroom. The room has a full view of the Space Needle. Also, the building is only about 2 years old. The neighborhood is safe and residential with a bus stop half a block away as are restaurants and a movie theater. The building is right in front of Key Arena and only a few steps away from Seattle Center. The room I offer has hardly ever been used given I'm the first tenant. I got it for visiting family but they hardly come:) their private bedroom and bathroom, balcony I provide my guests with a personal key to allow them utmost privacy. Very central neighborhood, steps away from the Space Needle, Seattle Center, quaint coffee shops and diners, EMP/Science Fiction Museum, downtown Seattle and the bus line! My apartment is diagonal to a bus stop serving downtown, Cap Hill, and South Lake Union (Amazon). I live with my fiance and puppy so if you're allergic to dogs please let me know.2 bdrm 1.5 bath fully furnished townhome on 2 floors. LOCATION. LOCATION. LOCATION. Can walk to amazing restaurants, grocery stores and shops. On busline - 5 min bus ride to downtown. You can't go wrong with this townhome.My girlfriend and I  have a cozy bedroom available in a 2 bedroom apartment. It comes with a full bed, desk and closet space. Full access to the living room, kitchen, bathroom and our patio. 7-10 min walk to Seattle Center/ Space Needle. The apartment is located in an area that has an 88 for a walk score. It is located within a 7-10 minute walk to Space Needle and is perfect for anyone looking to explore the Seattle Center and its offerings. It is also a central spot to explore downtown, south lake union and other tourist activities.Parking is generally pretty easy to find on the street in my neighborhood and no permit is necessary. Our apartment is fully furnished and comfortable. Yet fairly basic with No air conditioning :( If your looking for a friendly, safe and convenient location this is a good place for you Lastly, Anyone planning to stay in our guest room should keep in mind that we do live with 2 friendly cats :) They are not allowed in the guest room but they do share the comThis three bedroom, three bathroom townhouse is comfortable for any visiting family.This townhouse is in a great location, and walking distance to the very best parts of Seattle (Lake Union, Space needle, etc) The Space This three bedroom, three bathroom townhouse is comfortable for any visiting family. It also has a full kitchen.  The Neighborhood Lower Queen Anne, or Uptown, is a largely  residential area in Seattle. Residents include young, twenty and thirty year olds and urban professionals. But while it's residential, it's also close to Seattle Center.  Because of it's central location, the townhouse is also near numerous restaurants, bars, and stores.  Getting Around  This townhouse is in a great location, and is great for families and visitors looking to explore downtown. It's two blocks from the Seattle Center, which includes the Space Needle, the EMP, Seattle Opera, Center Theatre, and Key Arena. The Gates Foundation is a 5-minute walk away and Amazon headquarters is only 10-mThis remodeled apartment is 1 of 5 in a classic home and beautiful neighborhood, located in the heart of Queen Anne. Walking distance from a variety of restaurants, bars and even the legendary Space Needle and only a 5-10 minute drive to downtown There is a bus stop right across the street that is easily accessible, convenient and costs $2.75 per person. Uber is an easy way of transport as well as walkingCatch the fireworks on New Years Eve from this two bedroom, two bath condo in lower Queen Anne. Walk to local coffee shops and restaurants. Only 2 blocks from the north edge of Seattle Center. Super close to PNWB - Nutcracker. 800sf condo has 1000sf deck overlooking city and needle. Cozy fireplace. Ridiculous deck. Elevator access. Queen Anne is one of Seattle's most accessible bedroom communities. Minutes to shopping, bars, restaurants. Seattle Metro bus route #4 is half a block away. Quarter mile to the monorail. 2 blocks west of 99 and 2 blocks N of Mercer.Enjoy your Seattle stay in this beautiful new apartment in lower queen ann. The private Master suite has a Queen Temperpedic bed, walk in closet and fully stocked bathroom.  The kitchen is large and opens to the living room. Warm and welcoming.  The kitchen is open to the living room/dining room. There is an incredible roof top deck that you can see Mt. Rainier, the Olympics and watch the sunset over Elliott bay. There is free street parking and a bus stop in front of the building. A selection of organic teas, organic French Press coffee, filtered water, spices and organic olive oil available for use. The kitchen is stocked with almost every gadget you can think of including a Vitamix blender. Your private Master Suite, kitchen, living room with TV, roof top deck and small on site gym. Use of full size washer/dryer and a designated shelf in the refrigerator. I enjoy greeting you and helping to get you settled. I can either give you complete privacy or help with recommendations.  I enjoBig sunny windows with nothing blocking the view of the water, mountains, and sunsets. Also, guests can head to the rooftop for a full view of the Space Needle and city of Seattle. Shops, bars, and busses to hop downtown? All within walking distance. Homey, cozy but not tiny, huge windows overlooking the water and mountains. Great sunsets and beautiful light all day. An old-school, quiet building with great sun. Roof deck overlooking the Seattle skyline -- unblocked by any buildings -- and westward to the water, mountains, ferry boats, and ships. I can be as available as needed--I'm usually staying only a little bit away on Whidbey Island. Lower Queen Anne has several bars and restaurants -- from Indian food at Roti (they deliver!) to Mexican food at Peso's -- all within 2 blocks away.  A little further walk takes you to the Seattle Center and Space Needle. Take a mini-hike up the hill to the top of Queen Anne for tons of shops and restaurants, and several city "lookouts" from the cuteSpacious, modern 3bd/3.5ba townhouse just steps to the Seattle Center and downtown (via the Monorail), and a short stroll to Lake Union. This home has 3 view decks and private patio. Rent a room and bath or the entire townhouse for up to 6 persons. Spectacular 360 degree views are great...if you plan on staying in! We offer prime location, comfortable accommodations AND views. No shared elevators, rooftop decks or bathrooms here and no hills to climb on foot. This modern 1840 sq. ft. townhouse sits at the gateway to the Seattle Center and offers 3 spacious private rooms with Tempurpedic/foam mattress beds and full baths. Rent a room or rent the entire townhouse. Additional beds in TV room include full-size futon and chair that folds out into a single mattress. Guest Accommodations:  * 3rd fl. master suite with king bed, master bath, and deck view of downtown  * 3rd fl. bedroom with queen bed, full bath, and peek-a-boo view of Seattle Center's Space Needle.  * Large 1st floor bedroom wiLiving in the Lower Queen Anne neighborhood, you are surrounded my culture, history, art, great good, amazing coffee and many businesses.  You'll love the neighborhood feel in the city life! I usually host my entire apartment (see my reviews) but I love hosting so wanted to offer a great location, homey environment and affordable option for more people.  Feel free to send me a message! This listing is for sharing my apartment and use of the living room/sofa!  I also list my entire home when I am away, however this is a listing for my 'shared space' and I will be home in the apartment with you.  Please see my other listing for my full home for more reviews and feedback Why am I listing my living room for you stay in?  Well, I've been an AirBnB host for nearly 3 years, as well as a guest in many different cities and countries around the US and World.  I sincerely love the experience and hosting is part of that. After traveling Italy for 3 months, and experiencing the generosity of 'share**PHOTOS ARE VERIFIED BY AIRBNB** Why stay in a tiny cramped hotel room when you can stay at a comfy, stylishly furnished pad for the same price? Attending a concert at Key Arena? An event at Seattle Center? Just wanna spend a few days in the most beautiful city in the upper left hand corner of this country? Come stay here! Cozy, light-filled 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of the city with amazing view of Elliott Bay! Located in Lower Queen Anne, you are a 10 min walk away from Seattle Center, restaurants, nightlife, and just 2 min walk to major bus lines. Hardwood floors  Queen size bed in master bedroom (memory foam mattress, non-down bedding) Full size bed in second bedroom (memory foam mattress, non-down bedding)  Full bathroom with double sink  Washer/dryer inside unit Full Kitchen: oven and stove, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker,hot water kettle, toaster, dishes/flatware, pots/pans, baking sheets, glassware/mugs, cooking utensils, wine bottle opener Wireless Internet  46" 11 BD loft right down town Seattle, walking distance to pikes place market, space needle and several city parks. Fire away with any questions! I will also leave a bonus $50 bonus to my restaurant! Space needle view! All my woodinville wine, local brewery, or distillery connections. Bus line is at the door step!Enjoy your own apartment on the top of Queen Anne hill with incredible views on the balcony of Elliot Bay, Space Needle, downtown Seattle and Mt. Rainier. Just 2 blocks from Kerry Park, restaurants on Upper Queen Anne (Betty, Via Trib, Molly Moons, Zeeks, How to Cook a Wolf). Minutes away from the city, yet in a safe/upscale neighborhood. Open one bedroom with a balcony and views! We have a keycode at the front door & can give you a front door key. We will be available via call/text during your stay. This apartment is located on the top of Queen Anne hill, one block away from Kerry Park and short walk to great restaurants on both Upper and Lower Queen Anne. Downtown is a 15 minute bus ride away, bus stop is right outside of our apartment.Modern/Contemporary style condo with exposed concrete and white walls. Stainless steel appliances, gas stove, in-wall microwave and oven, and flush cupboards. Sliding doors for patio and bedroom. Well equipped with the latest fun gadgets.Historic building on a quiet tree-lined street. Top floor, corner unit. Includes 1 bedroom and a couch.  5 minute walk to the Seattle Center, Key Arena and the Space Needle.  Walking distance to downtown Seattle or hop on the Monorail. The space is 565 sq ft.  I have Amazon TV with NetFlix.  There is no washer and dryer in my unit, however, there is a free washer and dryer in the basement of the building (drawback-you will need to go up and down 4 flights of stairs). I'll leave a lock box in front of the building. I will not be in town while you're staying at my place.  Hopefully, everything you need with be inside. I live on a quiet, tree lined street. I call the Seattle Center my "backyard" because it is so close.  There are a lot of restaurants and coffee shops in either the lower Queen Anne neighborhood or Belltown.  I'm a block from the Key Arena. There are several parking structures on my street, the Monorail to downtown is a short, pretty walk, and of course public transportatioLarge, Western style bedroom on private entry level of Queen Anne home. Separate private shower/bath. Small kitchen facility with  mini refrigerator/microwave, coffee maker, utensils.  Close to restaurants, Seattle Center, downtown. A large, sun-lit room with views of Seattle and the Space Needle.  The room has a bed, rocking chair, table, chair and desk.  There is a private bathroom down the hall. There is a small  kitchen facility with a  microwave and small refrigerator and is stocked with plates, cups, utensils,  glasses, cutting boards, coffee maker and hot water kettle.   Washer/dryer are available for use. All of the guest facilities are on the entrance level.  We live upstairs and this area is not available. Guests will have a key and come and go on their own.  We may or may not be present Queen Anne Hill is the backdrop to many of Seattle's oldest mansions on Highland Drive and the famous Kerry Park that overlooks the city and Puget Sound. Great place to walk or bike and exploMy studio located just one block from Seattle Center/Space Needle is available for short to longer stays. Great location and easy access to downtown and public transit. The apt. is only a year old and is in fantastic condition. Thanks!         Bright airy master bedroom and bath suite with Juliet balcony and view of downtown Seattle. King memory foam mattress with organic cotton pillow top. Full master bath with double sinks, soaking tub, and shower all under a bright skylight. Spectacular 360 degree views are great...if you plan on staying in! We offer prime location, comfortable accommodations AND views. No shared elevators, rooftop decks or bathrooms here and no hills to climb on foot. This modern 1840 sq. ft. townhouse sits at the gateway to the Seattle Center and offers 3 spacious private rooms with Tempurpedic/foam mattress beds and full baths. Rent a room or rent the entire townhouse.  SCGH Guest Accommodations:  * 3rd fl. master suite with king bed, master bath, and deck view of downtown  * 3rd fl. bedroom with queen bed, full bath, and peek-a-boo view of Seattle Center's Space Needle.  * Large 1st floor bedroom with queen bed, private bath, and private access to patio.  * 2nd floor kitchen, dining room with eat-in bLocation, location, location. 5 minutes from nightlife, 10 minutes from Space Needle and 20 from Pikes Place. Tucked into a residental neighborhood on the hill away from the hussle and bustle.  The way sunset light paints this apt is unparallel. You have full access to the common areas. Please stay out of the closets. Typically I'm traveling when the space is avaible. Sometimes I may be available to hang out and show you around if needed. Don't miss out on the views from Kerry Park (Just 3 blocks from my place) and walk down to the water to Olympic Sculpture Park. Book my car on Relay Rides to get around town easily! (URL HIDDEN)I have a private room available that accommodates 2  in a vintage, 1920s pad with hardwood floors, great architecture, and windows all along the south facing wall which runs the entire length of the apartment. The room is simple- clean and cozy, with a view of Puget Sound. The apartment itself is very spacious, with absolutely breathtaking views of the Space Needle (Seattle Center is 2 blocks away), Puget Sound, & the Downtown skyline.  The house is full of instruments waiting to be played, MUSICIANS WELCOME! Congas, Piano, Guitars and more! Side note about cleaning fees: $10 fo(URL HIDDEN)day stays; $20 for a 6-10 day stay; and $40 for a 11+ day stay. $10 per extra guest/per night after the first nightSpacious Queen Anne mid-century modern 2BR+den/2Bath condo in the shadow of the Space Needle and historic Kerry Park. Walking distance to restaurants, bars and bus lines. Close access to all Seattle has to offer. Enjoy our newly remodeled kitchen and private rooftop deck overlooking the Puget Sound. 1,800 sq/ft 2 bedroom plus den 2 bathroom  Remodeled kitchen Original hardwoods 3-5 min walk to all major bus lines  5 min walk to Toulouse Petit (highly rated restaurant) 5 min walk to Pesos Kitchen (great local bar)  1.5 miles from Pike Place Market 5 min walk to Toulouse Petit (highly rated restaurant) 5 min walk to Pesos (great local bar)  3-5 min walk to all major bus lines Queen Anne is at the center of everything in Seattle. Located next to Seattle Center (Space Needle), Ballard, Capitol Hill, Downtown, Pike Place Market and Fremont. Walking distance to amazing restaurants and nightlife.One bedroom with full bed, ensuite and walk in closet.  Close to downtown Seattle located in desirable Lower Queen Anne Neighborhood. Access to man floor common areas, Kitchen, living, dining and rooftop deck.I am renting out my cozy 1 bedroom with master external bath, part of 2-bed 2-bath apt, in a luxurious apt complex in Queen Anne, Seattle. Right next to space needle (1 block) and walking distance to city center (15 mins). Bus stop is right outside. My apartment is a 2 bed 2 bath with shared living room and kitchen. Lots of sunshine and big glass windows. My room has a closet in it and a large bathroom right outside (not attached).  The building is a small apartment complex and only leases. Lots of street parking outside and free after 8:00 PM and Sundays. I can maybe arrange for guest parking within the underground garage, but can't guarantee. Guest have access to my bedroom and bathroom. Feel free to use any of the bathroom products I have, and I have plenty, for men and women :-). There are more products under the bathroom sink, and in the carton. Living room and kitchen is shared with my roommate, who lives in the other bed room. Feel free to use any dishes, utensils to make what ySpacious 250 sqft. bedroom suite with Queen sized bed, private bath/shower and walk-in closet  in a modern townhouse in very desirable, quiet neighborhood (Queen Anne) near to downtown Seattle with magnificent views of the Seattle Skyline, majestic Mount Rainier, Elliott Bay, Seattle Harbor and Puget Sound. In addition, there is an extra 100 sqft. room available at $75 per night (plus cleaning fee of $25) that has a sofa bed, with only a private powder room (=toilet and sink) next to it. Shower/bath would be shared. Five minutes by foot from Seattle's world-famous icon, the Seattle Space Needle and Seattle Center from where you can catch the Monorail for a 3 minute ride to the center of the city, plus other convenient public bus transportation to all points of interest. Three major supermarkets and a large variety of wonderful restaurants and bars all within 10 minutes walking distance. Enjoy a welcome drink and breathtaking views from our 600 sqft roof-top terrace. Welcome to the EmerSpacious private room and bath at the Seattle Center Townhouse. Tempurpedic mattresses, full bathroom, soft towels, comfy throw, and private access to patio/garden. Four blocks to the Seattle Center, short stroll to Lake Union. Spectacular 360 degree views are great...if you plan on staying in! We offer prime location, comfortable accommodations AND views. No shared elevators, rooftop decks or bathrooms here and no hills to climb on foot. This modern 1840 sq. ft. townhouse sits at the gateway to the Seattle Center and offers 3 spacious private rooms with Tempurpedic/foam mattress beds and full baths. Rent a room or rent the entire townhouse.  Guest Accommodations:  * 3rd fl. master suite with king bed, master bath, and deck view of downtown  * 3rd fl. bedroom with queen bed, full bath, and peek-a-boo view of Seattle Center's Space Needle.  * Large 1st floor bedroom with queen bed, private bath, and private access to patio.  * 2nd floor kitchen, dining room with eat-in bar,  living roomLocated in Seattle's Queen Anne neighborhood just a few blocks from the iconic Space Needle. Large room with queen size bed and southern facing peekaboo view of Puget Sound. Private bathroom with jacuzzi tub. The hosts, Mark and Nadine, enjoy traveling and meeting new people and are always ready to recommend their favorite spots in and around the city. The house was built in 1891 and is a Seattle Landmark.  The yard has been set aside as an Urban Open Area, and is a great place to kick back and relax after a long day (or night). A short walk away are: Seattle Center, Space Needle, Opera House, theaters, restaurants (Toulouse Petite is a favorite), Olympic Sculpture park.  Many guests have simply walked downtown on a nice day along the waterfront. Located west of Seattle Center in the Uptown Neighborhood, located on the corner of 1st Avenue in the heart of all the shopping, dining and entertainment that Seattle has to offer. Unparalleled location with lavish collection of amenities.Located in Seattle's Queen Anne neighborhood just a few blocks from the iconic Space Needle. Large MIL apartment on the lower level of the house with a separate entrance. The space has a queen size bed in the bedroom, full bath, a day bed with a trundle bed in the entertainment room that converts to a king size bed or two twin beds, dining room and kitchenette. Please note that there is a beam that runs through the space that is 6'2" high. The space opens onto a sunken garden patio.  The hosts, Mark and Nadine, enjoy traveling and meeting new people and are always ready to recommend their favorite spots in and around the city. The house was built in 1891 and is a Seattle Landmark. The yard has been set aside as an Urban Open Area, and is a great place to kick back and relax after a long day (or night). A short walk away are: Seattle Center, Space Needle, Opera House, theaters, restaurants (Toulouse Petite is a favorite), Olympic Sculpture park. Many guests have simply walked downtown oLarge studio with queen size bed in over sized  spare closet. Full sunlight in the living and dining area. Resident cats who are expert snugglers. Short walk or drive to the EMP, Space Needle, Pike's market, downtown and Kerry Park. The Architecture is 100 years old, with recently redone wood floors. The home feels cozy and chic with grey, navy, aqua, and coral being the accent colors of the apartment. I like quirky accents and a mixing of old and new. With an abundance of windows, the kitchen, dining area, and living room are full of natural light. There is a t.v. (with hulu and netflix access) and an xbox 360 you are welcome to use, and two resident cats who love to snuggle. I am more than happy to pop in to take care of them briefly if you are staying more than two nights and can plan this for when you are out exploring or in depending on what you prefer. I like cooking and recently started making my own jams, butters, and peanut butters: that being said, you are always welcome to aGreat location in Lower Queen Anne, walking distance to Downtown, and the Space Needle. Amazing views of the entire city. Cozy, comfortable, quiet, and clean. Includes entire kitchen, TV, internet, balcony, and one reserved parking space. Amazing view of city. The perfect location. All access. The condo is yours! The Lower Queen Anne neighborhood has wonderful restaurants, bars, and tourist attractions like Seattle Center. There are nearby bus stations and the Monorail is a 5 minute walk away.New luxury loft in the heart of Seattle. 25ft ceilings, epic panoramic views from rooftop terrace, resort amenities on site, and key location - this condo is 1000sq of opulence. Nestled in the SW corner of the Seattle Center, there is no better location for those seeking the quintessential Seattle experience. For this time frame in June; I will not be present - business trip to NY. Keys will be with the on site management. Lower Queen Anne is quite literally the heart of Seattle - the Seattle Center is across the street from my front door. There is no shortage adventure, top rated dining, nightlife, or entertainment - all within a 10 minute walk. You're minutes from the classic Seattle monorail, light rail, bus routes, ride the ducks, and Seattle trolley.The centrally located Puget Vista apartment features everything that the Queen Anne area of Seattle has to offer.  Public transportation ranges from a number of bus routes, and if buses aren't your thing.Lower Queen Anne studio in a good neighborhood with a 10 to 15 min walk to Seattle Center and the Space Needle.  Walk score is 95.  360° rooftop view.  Easy bus access. About 600 sq. ft. studio with carpet. The entire space is accessible except a small storage closet for the owner's maintenance equipment. I work a few minutes away.  If assistance is needed, then I will gladly reply to a text message or stop by. Sights very close by: Seattle Center, Space Needle, Kerry Park, Key Arena. Supermarkets: Metropolitan Market and Safeway are two blocks away. Lower Queen Anne is in a still residential are that borders city life. There is always enough street parking, but you may have to walk a few minutes.  I recommend parking along Kinnear Park. Bus 1 stops one block away.  Other buses like (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN), and route D stop within 2-4 blocks. You can walk to Westlake Station for the airport Link light rail in 30 minutes. There is no on-site parking.  Free street parking is available withGreat location within walking distance of the Seattle Center, Gates Foundation, and other downtown destinations.    On and near many bus lines and has a partial view. Open sleeping area in draped den for 2 on queen bed The unit will fit 2 comfortably.   I live there part time and there are some family photos and artifacts in the unit.   The are spaces that include;  1) great modern kitchen 2) spa like bathroom with soaking tub and shower [no screen in the shower]  3) and modern living room with gas fireplace 4) open den sleeping area [for up to 2 people] with semi transparent curtain 5) other sleeping are is on living room sofa [for 1 person]  6) laundry room 7) balcony off living room - can seat 3 One room is locked off and not accessible for use.  No parking comes with the unit, but there is some off-street parking, buses, or car2go available. Note - this is an apartment where people live above and at times you can hear their walking on the floor above. I will meet guests at the unitBeautiful modern Lower Queen Anne home with views of the Space Needle Walking distance from the Seattle Center, Gates Foundation and downtown seattle. Within blocks of great restaurants and bars. Street parking is also provided during your stay. 1000 sq. ft  modern home in the heart city, 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom.  Beautiful large deck over looking downtown Seattle. In addition, street parking with permit will be provided for one car. Please note the home is elevated from street requiring you to walk up 10 stairs and a short pathway to reach the front door. The kitchen is stocked with coffee, tea, and treats, and has a french press and nespresso.  The bedroom has a queen-sized, firm bed, and is very private. From the bedroom , you can look out onto the secluded backyard-- a sanctuary in the middle of city. And, sit on the patio in the backyard and enjoy the view with your morning coffee! Please let me know if you have further questions. Thank you! Access to whole home excluding the secondSmall 1BR apartment in Seattle's beautiful Queen Anne neighborhood. Within walking distance of the Space Needle/Seattle Center & Pike Place market and also around the corner of some of Seattle's premier restaurants such as Toulouse Petit and Peso's.Large apartment, high ceilings hardwood floors, southern exposure with lots of natural light. Quiet corner apartment with free parking on street. One bedroom with queen bed and futon bed in the living room. Kitchen + bath, internet and cable, located near Seattle Center and downtown...Cute mid century condo within walking distance of Seattle Center, downtown, Belltown, sculpture garden, coffee and great restaurants.  Super clean private room in 2 bedroom condo with use of 1 bedroom, full kitchen, washer dryer, bike storage, wi-fi. Mid century condo, super airy and spacious.  Have own large bedroom with brand new fold out couch bed.  Well decorated, spotless and welcoming.  The couch bed is a double queen as well as an air mattress. Clean linens and towels will be left in the room for your arrival.    There is a closet to use and shelves to store your belongings on and in.  Please note that I do not accept reservations for more than two people. Use of 2nd bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, living room.  Feel free to store your belonging in the bathroom and your room but please leave common areas free of  belongings.  Feel free to use the kitchen to make dinner, etc....  Help yourself to coffee and tea.  Bike storage in garage.   Free on street parking but it is a city and pLocated on a slope in the beautiful Queen Anne neighborhood. One bedroom corner unit located in an 1948 year old building, art deco kitchen, lots of spacious closets. Coffee shops, restaurants, Space Needle, theaters, Kerry Park, all walking distance. It's spacious quiet and cozy. Wi-Fi Rare interaction with other people in the building, only sometimes when doing laundry in the common area before 5:00pm It's quiet and spacious. Public transportation works very well and there's a bus stop right on the same block where the building is located.Hi, this is newly renovated studio, only a couple of blocks away from Space needle in Lower Queen Anne. It's close to Belltown, where all the good restaurants and bars are. Just few steps to the bus stop to go any other neighborhood.   It's 390sqf studio with 10ft high ceiling, has en-suite washer/dryer and a dishwasher.  A really comfortable futon to sleep (sofabed - it's about the twin size, 74"l, 45"w), closet to hang clothes, fully equipped kitchen, bathroom, washer/dryer, dishwasher. (A loftbed is not for guest use due to safety issue.) I will meet the guest in person if I'm in town when you check in Otherwise I will be in touch with email or text message. I'd love to provide any useful information like where to hang out, eat and go sightseeing in Seattle.   It's pretty quiet neighborhood, just two blocks away from the space needle and Keyarena, close to walk to Belltown and easy to take bus to go Ballard. It's close to the bus stop which will make it super easy to travel around tI love the location! There are many restaurants and parks nearby and tons of things to do! hi- the kitchen, bathroom, and living room are the shared spaces. at night, i do sleep in the living room area. the room is yours! :) please feel free to reach out to me via text at any time! i'm often at work.. but if i'm home, i don't mind helping you plan fun things to do in the neighborhood and around town :) The neighborhood is called lower queen anne. it's about 10 minutes to the space needle and a lovely 45 min walk to pike place market. the whole area is ridiculously pedestrian friendly. there are many cafes and restaurants within a half mile radius of the apartment.. a bunch are just two blocks away (hooray!).In heart of Lower Queen Anne 1bd/1bth newly remodeled condo with unobstructed panoramic view of Elliott Bay. Close proximity to downtown, Space Needle, Pike Place Market and Sculpture Garden. 94 Walk Score Queen bed. 360 degree rooftop deck with BBQ. Newly renovated top floor unit with unparalleled views of the water and mountains from living and bedroom. Fully stocked kitchen. Washer and dryer in full bathroom. Large flatscreen TV with fireplace. Brand new hardwood floors. Gym, Bar/Entertainment area, library and movie room all on 1st floor entry area. Large rooftop deck on same level as unit with BBQ. Tentative Lower Queen Anne is one of Seattle's oldest and unique neighborhoods with the famous Space Needle located a few blocks from my unit. There are many great restaurants and bars with options for everyone. Convenient public transportation options including bus, monorail, short walk to many local attractions including Space Needle, Key Arena, Downtown Seattle, and Pike Place MarketThis sunny, roomy condo has the best of everything. It's walking distance to Pike Place market, Space Needle, Key Arena, EMP, down town, Sculpture Park, Seattle Art Museum.  Great restaurants in walking distance. Local bus line is too. Shared bath. Great unit towards the top of the complex which gets great afternoon sun.  Great walkability and a nice, safe building. Close to local bus stop and two blocks from Key Arena and great places to grab a bite. An easy walk to most of what you'd want to do in Seattle.  Guests have access to a parking space in the garage and the unit any time they like. I may pop in and out but am gone a lot so you'll have the unit mostly to yourselves. Voted a 94 on the walkability rating scale, Queen Anne is the best place to live and stay when you visit this amazing city.  You have a peaceful water view and patio on which to enjoy a glass of wine and the sunset, or you can walk down to the water from the condo (which takes less than 5 minutes) and walk or run Super-clean and modernly-furnished studio apartment (486 sq-ft.). Wood  floors, queen platform bed w new memory foam mattress, full size kitchen, large bath. Everything you can think of within walking distance (Walk Score 95) but on a quiet street. The light-filled studio is in a quiet, clean, and controlled-access building. The studio has a lot of storage space and stacked washer/dryer. There is a full-size kitchen with everything you need to cook/self-cater. The studio is furnished with a modern queen-size platform bed with a new memory foam mattress, nightstand, and bar-height dining table with chairs. The sleeping and dining areas are carpeted and the rest of the apartment including the kitchen and bathroom have wood-style flooring. You will have access to the entire apartment except for one small closet. I will be available in-person upon check-in and check-out and via phone in between unless I am traveling or if you need to check-in/check out late/early. In that situation the keyCentrally located apartment in a secure, elevator building. 5 min walk to the Space Needle, 20 min walk to Pike's Place. Kerry Park is just up the hill (best view in Seattle). Lots of restaurants, bars, coffee shops and grocery stores within blocks. Full kitchen, bathroom with laundry, large living space with floor to ceiling windows and a separate bedroom. You have access to laundry and a dishwasher. This listing is a few blocks from Seattle Center (Key Arena, Space Needle, EMP, etc), 1/2 from the waterfront, and is surrounded by some of Seattle's most popular bars/restaurants. There is also a variety of shopping including a local grocery and drug store.Maple Creek House We have a rooms for rent in a tranquil writers house in Wedgwood. This page is for Study Den.  Maple Creek House is spacious with an organic  garden and woodsy yard and we share an cheerful central kitchen with a new fridge, bath, common living room with a fireplace.  Main floor has hardwood floors, garden views. Dishwasher/Washer/Dryer/ WI-Fi and free parking off the street. Three blocks from Metro buses, stores, banks and cafes, 10 min to the UW by car, also bikable, great walking neighborhood, near the Burke-Gilman Trail and Matthews Beach/ Magnuson Parks on the Lake. There is a public swimming pool at Meadowbrook a mile away. It is very tranquil and quiet here on the edge of the Maple Creek Ravine, we are visited many kinds of birds. Two Lake Washington Parks are within a mile of us. We often rent to grad students, and folks in town finishing up various projects. Come enjoy our early Spring in Seattle! Study Den, a large semi-secluded furnished bedroom in the carpIf you're looking for a full week or full month just north of downtown, this is the place for you!   Nice br w/double bed, desk, chair, dresser, closet.  Relaxing deck and living room.  Near buslines, big grocery, p.o., Starbucks; close to freeway. We are in and out during the day and would be happy to host a quiet single for a weekend or for a long-term visit.   Coffee and staples are  yours to enjoy as well as keeping whatever you need in the fridge!    A short drive to Green Lake park and everything you need is within walking distance - bank, Starbucks, large grocery store, express and local buses. REGARDING THE REVIEW YOU READ:   The host where we stayed in NYC in 2011 was strict and unfriendly, and did not like my concerns or questions regarding the sagging bed.  So she did not give me a favorable review.  I hope this will not deter you from enjoying our warmth and friendship as hosts! You are welcome to relax in the living room. No  cable t.v. but we enjoy Netflix and local statiquite, nice size private roomPrivate entry, room & bath, not a shared living situation. Accommodates 1-4, mini kitchen with living room conveniently located in the Wedgwood neighborhood of Seattle. 2 bdrms w/queen beds, Direct TV, HBO & Wifi. Easy access to downtown & U.W. Ours is a split level home with us, the owners living on the main floor. The lower level of the house is for our guests where you can enjoy all the privacy you want. There is a locked door between the two levels. Choose between 1 of 2 bdrms or both. This is not a shared living quarters situation. Whoever rents the space, one person or four people, the entire space is yours. And by the way, we are family friendly! The neighborhood itself is nice and quiet and very safe. There is a park about 150 feet from our doorstep, giving you the option to take a stroll or jog whenever you like. Guests use a private entry in back of the home (west side). Enter and leave using an entry code, no keys! You will have private access to the lower level of the houseA beautiful apartment on the ground floor. Pathway leads to an outdoor patio and private entrance to spacious living area with lots of light. Perfect jumping off point to see the city. 2 miles to UW and Children's Hospital, 10 minutes to downtown! Apartment includes a living area with a futon couch and T.V. There is a bathroom with shower. There is a small kitchenette area that includes a microwave, mini fridge, electric water heater, coffee press, and toaster. Everything that you need for snacks and essentials. The bedroom has a queen bed. The outdoor patio space is equipped with table and chairs. Guests have their own parking space and private entrance along a pathway on side of house. The pathway leads to private patio and apartment entrance. Guests have a lockbox with key. We live on the second floor. We will be available for any help that you may need or questions that you have. However, we will also respect your privacy and give you your own space. Our neighborhood is in a great Our clean, cozy and well equipped townhouse is a perfect spot to call home during your stay in Seattle.  The house sleeps 5 easily. There are two bedrooms located on the second floor, one with a queen size bed and the second with a twin bed.  Additionally, the living room on the main floor features a very comfortable queen size sleeper sofa,  situated in front of the cozy gas fireplace. The downstairs area also has a half bathroom, making the home a great set up for small groups. The kitchen is fully equipped, and you're encouraged to make yourself at home. There are several great organic/gourmet grocery stores nearby. The bathroom is stocked with plenty of fluffy towels. Toiletries and hairdryer  are also available for you to use.  Parking: The unit includes one assigned parking space, and there is often plenty of free street parking right in front of the unit. Guests have full access to the whole house Upon booking, you will be given instructions for checking yourself in.  I won't beBeautiful craftsman home in the historic Wedgwood area. Enjoy summer in Seattle in this conveniently located four bedroom, two and a half bathroom home. Relax on the front porch with a glass of wine or sit on the back deck and watch the kids play. This spacious, 2800 sq. ft. family home has 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms. Relax and read a book in the great room, which has plenty of natural light, or sit together and talk in the cozy living room in front of the gas fireplace. The master bedroom has a king-sized bed and en-suite bathroom. Meanwhile, two of the bedrooms have twin sized beds (one is a trundle), which are great for the kids. Another bedroom has a full bed which sleeps 1-2, and the couch can sleep one more, for a total accommodation of 8 guests. This safe and quiet neighborhood is tucked away but still close to conveniences. Cafe Javasti, known for its great coffee, crepes (both sweet and savory), and pastries, is just 1 block away and a minute on foot. Wedgewood Ale House & Cafe iComfortable, clean, artistic bungalow set in the trees in great walking neighborhood in NE Seattle, close to bus, shops, restaurant, library and post office. 10 minute bus ride to UW campus, 25 minutes to downtown. Bus stop is 1 block away. Quiet, comfortable with nice back deck. 3 bedrooms, 2 double beds, 2 singles. Sleeps 6 with possibility of an airbed for the floor. Bus stops are 1 block away and we are 25 minutes by public transportation from downtown Seattle and The University of Washington is a 12 minute bus ride away, in an adjacent neighborhood. One bedroom / one bath bungalow house with open living area and kitchen. Living room contains a comfy couch and chair, perfect for conversing or watching a game on the flat screen TV. Includes updated appliances, BBQ and spacious backyard. Situated in the heart of Wedgwood, a North Seattle residential community, this house provides a spacious and relaxing escape. The house is decorated with a elegant style that makes it feel both updated and cozy. WiFi is available. We can be reached via phone during the stay and there will be friends in town that can stop by and assist if any issues are encountered during your stay. The house is located about within a couple miles of the I-5 freeway on-ramp for easy access to downtown Seattle within 15 minutes. The house is also 5 blocks from a major bus stop that can be utilized to travel to anywhere King County Metro and Sound Transit Metro will take you.Maple Creek House  We have pleasant furnished rooms for rent in a cheerful artistic house in Wedgwood just a bit north of UW. Use this site is for booking the larger Garden View Room which has hardwood floors. See our other listings (on right sidebar) for our Maple Creek House medium bedroom or The Study Den, a pleasant semi-secluded garden level room with a separate entrance and mini frig. For short stays we have Art Studio, a casual space with a daybed and sliding glass patio doors. We often have guests who are grad students or working folks in town who are on projects. Our place is quiet and spacious with a veggie garden and woodsy yard and we share a unique circular central kitchen, bath, common living room, free off street parking. fireplace, Hardwood floors, garden views. Always available parking, Dishwasher/Washer/dryer and WiFI, We are a non-smoking home. Two blocks to buses, stores, banks and internet cafes, 10 min to the UW by car, also bikable , great walking neighborhood, n1st floor studio with private entrance. Quiet close-in neighborhood. Sleeps 3, or 4 with couch. 2 bedrooms, living room, 3/4 bath.  Fenced back yard. Pets welcome. Plenty of safe parking. TV, microwave, refrigerator, kettle. Quiet host on 2nd floor. This studio is the entire lower floor of my residence and the entire fenced in back yard. There are two bedrooms, a 3/4 bath, and a large sitting room/living room. There are two desks to use. Also cable TV. Laundry is available. Surprisingly spacious. You can have the entire ground floor to yourself with private entry and secure off street parking. Come and go as you please. I'm happy to help advise with local knowledge, directions, things you may have forgotten, etc. I can even drive you somewhere when I'm not too busy. I like talking about the undiscovered Seattle. Very quiet and safe part of Seattle, called Wedgwood. Reliable bus to downtown one block away, nice grocery 4 easy walkable blocks away. Great shopping (University Village) twoBe our special guest in our newly built energy efficient cottage  located in NE Seattle near the Burke Gilman trail, UW,  and Seattle Children's Hospital.  The guest house was on the 2015 Green Home Tour, April 26, 2015 with great reviews. Cottage built in 2014. Come enjoy and experience living in a green home!  Our cottage is a quiet, cheerful, and dog friendly cottage near U.W., Seattle Children's  Hospital, Burke Gilman bike trail, and downtown. Look no further for easy access via bike or bus. Quiet neighborhood with lots of families and children.  Convenient bus to U.W., Seattle Children's Hospital, or downtown. Some of the green features of our backyard cottage include: •Triple-pane windows •A super-efficient ductless heat pump •LED lighting •Compact, efficient appliances •Low-flow water fixtures •Elegant use of a small space •Sustainable and beautiful finishes  •A HERS score of 66 indicating that the home is designed to be 34% more energy efficient than if it had been built to coThis room is called Forest View and has lovely forest themed art. The many trees around our place make it very relaxing and people comment on how well they sleep in the quiet and peace. Maple Creek House : Our Forest View Room All our rooms have a bed, desk, lamps, closet individual electric heat and a garden view A furnished room for rent in a cheerful artistic house in  Wedgwood just 2 miles north of UW. This site is for the medium sized bedroom, Forest View.  We are far from the buzz of traffic, in a safe walking neighborhood. Our place is quiet and spacious with a veggie garden and woodsy yard and we share a unique circular central kitchen, bath, common living room, free off street parking. fireplace, hardwood floors, garden views. Always available parking, Dishwasher/Washer/Dryer and wifi. Non-smoking home. Just two blocks from buses, stores, banks and internet cafes, 10 min to the UW by car, great walking neighborhood, near the Burke-Gilman Trail and Matthews Beach/ Magnuson ParkLarge sunny bedroom with easy access to bathroom down the hall. This bedroom accommodates up to 2 adults in a double bed.  Wedgwood is a comfortable and quiet walking neighborhood. It is within easy walking distance of post office, grocery stores, restaurants, bakery and library. Easy parking. We are conveniently located near UVillage, Children' s Hospital, University of Washington, the Burke Gilman Trail and close to Magnuson Park and NOAA. It is 15 minutes by car from downtown Seattle,  and Seatac Airport is approximately 25 minutes south by car. Bus stops are 1 block away and we are 25 minutes by public transportation from downtown Seattle and The University of Washington is a 12 minute bus ride away, in an adjacent neighborhood.  The bathroom is shared as is the  kitchen. Spacious back deck. Mattress on floor possible for child. Wi-fi included. Kid-friendly, gay-friendly and very relaxed atmosphere. No smokers. Pets possible. Wifi, kitchen, bathroom, living room. Wedgwood is a comfDouble bed in sunny room. Flat screen TV in room (no cable) . Easy access to shared bathroom. This bedroom accommodates up to 2 adults in a double bed.  The bathroom is shared as is the kitchen. Spacious back deck. Mattress on floor possible for child. Wi-fi included. Kid-friendly, gay-friendly and very relaxed atmosphere. No smokers. Pets possible. The whole house other than private bedrooms. Wedgwood is a comfortable and quiet walking neighborhood. It is within easy walking distance of post office, grocery stores, restaurants, bakery and library. Easy parking. We are conveniently located near UVillage, Children' s Hospital, University of Washington, the Burke Gilman Trail and close to Magnuson Park and NOAA. It is 15 minutes by car from downtown Seattle, and Seatac Airport is approximately 25 minutes south by car.  Bus stops are 1 block away and we are 25 minutes by public transportation from downtown Seattle and The University of Washington is a 12 minute bus ride away, in an adjacePeace and quiet at relaxing Maple Creek House:  We have pleasant furnished rooms for rent in a cheerful artists house in Wedgwood neighborhood 1.9 miles north  of UW. The bedrooms have full beds a with a closet, desk, chair and lamps.   For individual rooms such as our large Study Den, medium bedroom Forest View or Large Tranquil Room  info on the right sidebar appears when available. Our place is spacious with a veggie garden and woodsy yard and we share a unique central kitchen, bath, common living room, fireplace. Hardwood floors, garden views. Always available parking, Dishwasher/Washer/dryer a non smoking home with WIFI.  We are two blocks from buses, stores, banks and internet cafes, 10 min to the UW by car, a great walking neighborhood, near the Burke-Gilman Trail and Matthews Beach/ Magnuson Parks on Lake Washington. Easy walk to Meadowbrook Community Indoor Swimming Pool. Quick bus to UW and downtown.  Please add a photo and a few bio lines to your request/inquiry for a room aMake your stay comfortable in Seattle by staying at the Plaza Suites. This 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom suite is fully furnished and has everything you need. Short drive to other great Seattle neighborhoods, shopping, restaurants, and freeways. This condo is perfect for families or a group of friends who need a place to stay in North Seattle. This 2 bedroom, 2 bath suite has a large living room, dining area, and two patios spaces on the ground floor. The bedrooms come equipped with queen sized beds with comfortable Tempurpedic mattresses and ample closet/storage space. Sofa in living room pulls at as a full-sized sleeper that is comfortable for one adult, or two small children. Cable and free wifi provided. Smart TV in living room allows you to access your Netflix or Hulu account, among other popular apps. Fully equipped kitchen with plateware, silverware, and everything you need for cooking. Comes with a dishwasher and microwave. Coin operated washer and dryer on same floor accessible. BuildWe have a cozy house with 3 bedrooms-queen bed in one room, a crib in the second room and a twin bunk bed in the third room. We have wireless internet, a flat screen T.V., and a full size kitchen with everything you need to prepare your own meals! You will have access to the whole house, grill outside, free street parking, & washer and dryer. When needed We are located in an ideal neighborhood close to downtown Seattle, University of Washington, Ballard, Fremont, Capitol Hill, Queen Anne, and many other neighborhoods in Seattle. We are also close to the University District and University Village which have a ton of great places to eat, shop and play! Cab Bus UberCharming 1951 Mid-century modern with contemporary furniture, 2,240 sqft,  1-story w/daylight lower level and Impressive Puget Sound & Olympic Mountain View in very clean neighborhood, within minutes of beach, and trendy Ballard. Very relaxing home, make you feel like home in minutes, breathtaking view, charming 50's house with modern furniture, huge kitchen, 2 fireplaces, huge 360 degree yard, barbecue and kids game in backyard . The whole house is available . There's nowhere in Seattle that is as nice, as fancy or as desired as the North Beach Blue Ridge area in Seattle. One of the perks of living in the area is not only the atmosphere, but the sheer beauty of the views. You're not going to be disturbed in the area but cars driving too fast or radios blaring from car stereos as they drive by, instead you're just greeted with the sounds of peaceful streets and a quiet atmosphere. North Beach Blue Ridge is home to a pedestrian park called Carkeek Park which boosts 216-acres of hiking tOpen the french doors to the garden & take in the smells of the sea. Walk one block to a private beach entrance & explore the sound at low tide. With its tranquil decor and comforts of home, our guests who visit often threaten to move in. Come visit! A spacious room with queen bed, a cozy recliner perfect for napping, TV with satellite, Wi-Fi and a three quarter bath. Glass french doors with a peek-a-boo view of the water lead to a lovely garden space. Visit our two sweet bunnies, take in the garden or head to the beach. Relax on the patio while sipping your coffee in the morning or enjoying a glass of wine in the evening. Nap with the doors open as you breath in the salty sea water. Our boys lovingly call the room, The Grandma Room, as it is where grandma stays when she comes to visit. And every time Grandma threatens to move in as the room is so comfortable and inviting. You will have your own parking space in our front driveway. Walk just to the side of the house and through the gat7 miles to downtown Seattle/ 2 miles to Ballard. Bus friendly. Your room opens up to a deck, patio, and view of the Puget Sound and the Olympic mountains. Mini fridge, home gym, plenty of space to stretch. Queen Bed w Dining table. Private bath. Kitchen and laundry. A friend designed our house, and we love it! We are excited to share it with you. Original art hangs throughout. Your room is 300 sq ft, main floor, with two entrances: outside, or through the sitting room. Bathroom is a few steps from your room; shower and bath are downstairs. The full kitchen is also close to your room - cook with a view! Weight bench and leg press is a few steps away. Views from two different decks. Guitars, BBQs, Bicycles. Private beach is a 10 minute walk. A large, open floor plan gives you the space to clear your head, be creative, get your work done. You can enjoy the entire main floor, excluding our office. This includes kitchen, dining, living, sitting rooms. Also, weights in garage, decks outside,Amazing water views from this private cottage located in the North Beach neighborhood of Seattle. Why settle for a room shared situation when you can have your own private space and million dollar water views. Cottage is situated right in front of the Puget Sound. You can see plenty of boat traffic, as sail boats, cruise ships and ferries cruise by. If it's a clear evening, the sunsets are amazing. This private cottage is a studio suite with your own bathroom (shower only). The studio has a King Day Bed, which can be set-up in either King or Twin Bed configuration. New blackout shades allow for maximum privacy, while providing optimal viewing of the water. The cottage bathroom is recently renovated with tiled in shower and built in shelving and storage. The bathroom also has it's own brand new water heater, so hot showers will not be an issue. No full kitchen in the cottage, but a mini-fridge and microwave are provided, along with a few plates, bowls and utensils. Space has it's own deEnjoy a nice getaway in our backyard studio cottage! This newly remodeled space is minutes from Seattle's most popular beach, shops and much more! Our studio has everything you need for a getaway, including a fully stocked kitchen. The space accommodates two adults. However, if you have a little one with you, we can make the space for a pack n' play! You will have access to the studio itself and our backyard where you can enjoy barbecuing or a bonfire in the colder months! We can be around as much as you would like us to. Since the studio is detached from our personal house, you will have as much privacy as you would like! Feel free to reach out to us if you would like to chat about what to do in the area or anything else! Residential neighborhood with lots to do! We have an informational binder in the cottage with everything you need to know about the area! Lots of street parking available and very useful public transportation system. There are more details in our informational binderThis 2 bedroom, one bathroom 1950s North Beach home is great for entertaining friends and family. Located in North Beach, you'll love spending time on the large outdoor patio or walking along the private beach. The Space This 2 bedroom, one bathroom 1950s North Beach home offers a rare opportunity to live the beach lifestyle while being close to the best of Seattle attractions and nightlife. Located in North Beach, you'll love spending time on the large outdoor patio or walking along the private beach.  The Neighborhood  Situated on the Puget Sound with a private, neighborhood beach, North Beach is just far enough  from the bustle of Seattle, but is close to the hip and trendy Ballard neighborhood as well as the rest of Seattle. Walk to Golden Gardens Beach or verdant Carkeek Park from the beach, or grab a quick bus to downtown Ballard, Fremont,  or downtown Seattle. Getting Around  Whether you're looking to stay in North Beach or explore downtown, this home is in a great location. It'Enjoy stunning water and mountain views in a  beautiful mid-century modern home within minutes of beaches, parks, hip Ballard and downtown Seattle. Relax and reflect in our spacious  bedrooms and wide open living and dining rooms, chefs kitchen, library and tall picture windows. Cover story  in Seattle Homes Magazine. Gorgeous mid-century remodel makes staying here a true pleasure.  Great art, layout and materials is why this home was published in Seattle Homes. Easy walk to neighboring parks and beaches.   5 minute drive to Old Ballard and 15 minutes to Seattle Center and Pike Place Market.  3 bedrooms each sleep 2.  1.5 baths with 3 sinks total.  Lush, private yard with Japanese soaking tub fits 3-4. Guest have private access to entire main floor of house and patio, front yard, Japanese tub and shared laundry room.  The home has a tenant in the downstairs apartment. We will be greeting the guests, walking through the operation of the home as well as showing up at the scheduled checkoThis 1 bed 1 bath 1950's Blue Ridge home offers a rare opportunity to live near the beach while being close to the best of Seattle attractions, amazing restaurants & nightlife. Located 2.5 miles from downtown Ballard & 8 miles from downtown Seattle.2 bedroom with a beautiful deck and view of the Puget Sound and Olympic mountains.   Nice quiet neighborhood close to local bus routes and approx. 15 min from downtown Seattle.    1 bathroom available. There is an older low maintenance cat  very nice Nice quiet neighborhood.   Great views good for walking, biking.  Close to beach access. This is a working class family home. . The cost of a hotel room in downtown Seattle is ridiculous and you don't get to experience the city or have the space available here.    The house was built in 1952 and has not been remodeled.  You have access to the bbq, fridge, oven, stove,. . sit back relax..and enjoy.  You wont be sorry!!!! , microwave, smooth top stove.  Welcome to use anything in the cabinets (dishes etc) If the guests bring something in we would appreciate it if they would take it with them when they leave.  Don't leave food in the fridge. We will usually be out of town when the guests come will tell them where to find the key. Nice quiet a550 sq ft cozy backyard bungalow built in 2010 located just north of Ballard. 1 full bedroom, 1full bath with large walk-in shower, kitchenette, desk area, living area with cable TV and wi-fi.  Sleeps 2, pack and play available for infant. Minimum 3 nights.  $20 cleaning fee for stays less than 7 days.  2 loads of laundry done for stays 7 days or longer.   Back yard area is very quiet, parking access off the alley.  1 dog (old golden retriever) and 3 cats on property (not allowed in bungalow). Entire Bungalow space and patio and deck areas Owners are in main house on the property High  end residential neighborhood over looking Puget Sound 3 to 5 blocks from buses to Ballard, downtown and UW. Coffee and Tea is available to make.  Homemade zucchini, banana or pumpkin bread is supplied.This 2 bed 1 bath 1950's Blue Ridge home offers a rare opportunity to live near the beach while being close to the best of Seattle attractions, amazing restaurants & nightlife. Located 2.5 miles from downtown Ballard & 8 miles from downtown Seattle. The home is a modern style, built in 1950 and lovingly preserved. It has original architectural details and hardwood floors, it has been tastefully updated. You may use the entire main portion of the house,  the deck (gas BBQ) and the front porch area. I am available at all times by text or phone and would love to help you navigate around the neighborhood or city, recommend restaurants, shopping, points of interest or day hikes, or just how to get from point A to B as efficiently as possible. Situated on the Puget Sound with a private neighborhood beach and park, the neighborhood is just far enough from the bustle of Seattle, but is close to the hip and trendy Ballard neighborhood as well as the rest of Seattle. The house borders Carkeek PaWe are in the process of changing our operational format and will no longer be able to offer dockside access for the time being. We do plan to offer overnight and extended sailing options in the near future. This is a sailboat. Although 45' long, be prepared for much tighter quarters than a conventional home. Guests may use galley for quick food prep., coffee etc.. Refrigerator space very limited/unavailable. Carrie and Stan offer assistance as required. Salish Sea Transportation to/from remote sites available.This private space is 5 min. by car to downtown Ballard.  We have a full size bed in a private room and a fold down futon coach for additional people.  Bathroom has a single standing shower available.  We only allow one car for each reservation. This is a quiet private space for a nice visit to Seattle.  It is a very bright space with windows in each room. This has a private entrance. We will be happy to help and support you during your stay. There are many stores and restaurants nearby.  Downtown Ballard is 5min drive away.Our spacious 3 bedroom apartment is the first floor of our home.  It is backed by a forested yard which leads directly to the trailhead of one of Seattle's best green spaces/beach. Full kitchen, w/d, treadmill, Wifi, cable, garden. Perfect location! This is a very large, extremely comfortable home. We are 15 minutes to downtown Seattle, yet in quaint Ballard; 5 minutes to beaches and trails right at your doorstep. Easy access to anywhere you'd like to go: city, mountains, water, islands, beaches, and the great cultural scene. Appropriate for families or couples...a great place to return to at the end of the day. We have a raised bed garden available for you to browse and pick from, a great, old-fashioned rope and wood swing, private patio area, direct access to trail system, two bikes, many indoor and outdoor kids' toys, a very long driveway for outdoor kid fun, a full kitchen and laundry, treadmill, Wifi, Wii, Cable, extensive book and movie collection. We are happy to assist with infEnjoy the home of artist Michael Kline (web: mklineart). Our 3 bedrooms bright home is comfortable and quiet. Very private, gardens, its comfortable interior fits up to 5.  20 mn from downtown, 5 mn from lake, walk to coffee shops and restaurants.  Our Seattle home hosts 5 people comfortably - two bedrooms with queen size bed, one bedroom with single bed, one bathroom with tub. Set in the very quiet and safe Cedar Park neighborhood, our home is a relaxing refuge after a busy day in Seattle. 20 mn from downtown. 5 mn from Lake Washington beaches, 5 mn walk to restaurants and cafes. Very private, set-off from the street, our house is sunny, bright, and set amidst a lush and pleasant, fenced-in garden.  Ample street parking in front of the house. A great place for a family stay in Seattle with sandbox and playhouse. Wonderful for a week-end with friends or a romantic getaway. Guests are welcome to use the whole house including washer/dryer and gardens as they please: secluded backyard andOne bedroom private suite with full bathroom on the back of an adorable, well appointed 1949 house in north Seattle.  Quiet residential street, only a couple blocks to bars, restaurants, parks and express bus lines to anywhere in the area. Very private, quiet master suite with a queen bed and a large full bathroom (including tub and shower) on the back of my Mid-Century Modern home.  The space has three windows and gets natural light and fresh air that guests can control with curtains and a black-out shade.   There are live plants, always fresh flowers and a desk with office supplies, two nightstands, lamps, a bench and drawer and closet space.  The bathroom has soaking soda and salts, candles and clean, fluffy towels to enhance your relaxing stay.  The bed is comfortable and appointed with fresh linens, pillows and extra blankets, if needed.  The bedroom is carpeted. In addition to the private master suite, gusts are welcome to use the dining room, living space and kitchen, if they soBeautiful 2BR, 1BA Seattle lake apartment with Lake Washington frontage and views of Mt. Rainier on clear days. Kayaks provided—explore the lake or the Burke-Gilman bike path, just 50 feet from the apartment! Decamp to a classy 2-bedroom, 1-bath Seattle lake apartment directly on Lake Washington and facing views of Mount Rainier! With the Burke-Gilman Trail 50 feet from your door, you can cycle to downtown Seattle in an hour or pedal to Woodinville wine country. More of a water person? We provide kayaks, too. Glide onto Lake Washington for a scenic workout right in your backyard.  Other perks include a grand balcony and a private dock with a picnic table. Put down some newspaper and dig into a seafood feast right on the lake. On a clear day, you can see Mt. Rainier. The balcony has a dining table, as well, facing lake views and the meticulously landscaped yard.    INSIDE THE LAKE APARTMENT Elegant inside, our home has two adult bedrooms, including a sumptuous master with Lake WashingtoPrivate room with private bath and patio deck in large house.  Common area include kitchen and living room. Please excuse the mess in the picture. The actual room is very tidy. Private room with private bath and patio. 40 inch TV in the room. Access to Kitchen, Living room and Laundry room shared by other tenants.Condo is beautifully appointed & comfortable. It is located in N. Seattle neighborhood that is culturally/ethnically diverse. Walk distance to bus service (10 min nonstop to DT Seattle) restaurants, gym, grocery store, library.  Parking included. This is a top floor condo in a 16 unit building. I am available via phone for your stay with any questions or concerns. City buses are one block away.  Ten minutes non stop to downtown Seattle.  Also express bus to the University of Washington. No smoking or parties.Neighborhood, Seattle, near NE 123rd St and Sand Point Way NE. Quiet, beautiful home next to Lake Washington & Burke-Gilman trail. Rooms: A queen bed and a private bathroom, clean and beautiful, including wool carpet and a view of Lake Washington.Enjoy a brand-new modern home in Seattle just 15 minutes north of downtown. 3 Bedrooms, 2 1/2 bathrooms,  sleeps 6 comfortably; 2600 squ ft. Enjoy a brand-new, modern home (occupied since April 2014) outfitted with high-end designer furniture and fixtures during your stay in Seattle. You will have access to the whole house - all bedrooms, bathroom, and main rooms, including the garage to securely park your rental car. You may park additional cars in front of our fence as well as across the street at the neighbor's parking spots. During your stay, my husband and I will not be home but easily reachable via phone and email .... but you will have 3 new best friends: Our cats Clio, GK, and Scruffy. A cat sitter will visit daily to deliver food and take care of the litter box, but our 3 "fluffels" will definitely enjoy your company. Be sure to consider cat allergies prior to renting our house. Just 15 minutes North of downtown this is an ideal location as a starting point for your adventuresFriendly, joyful, light: large space, part artist studio. You are on ground floor of a split-level home, w/ hosts on second level.  Enter front stairs up&down or thru garage (we share this access.)  Quiet & restful, surrounded by trees, brook, yet close to bus & good eats, easy to get anywhere.   Private area: queen bed, 2 cots for kids; large sitting room w/ HD TV.   NO kitchen, just micro, fridge, toaster, hot water/tea/coffee, etc. . .   W/D, jacuzzi.  NO smoking or smokers. Please note: Smokers need not apply!  :-D 1.  Your guest suite is spacious (580 sq. ft.) and beautiful and includes private sleeping room with queen-size bed; full bath with jacuzzi tub and shower; extra sink and laundry; light eating space (no kitchen, just microwave, small fridge, electric kettle, toaster); and large private sitting room with Franklin fireplace, HDTV --all secluded in the trees overlooking Little Brook.   A small garden is available for visiting and contemplation.  And yes, good wifi connectioDesigner renovated basement apartment in a 1920's cottage home with private exterior entrance.  800 sq. ft with 1 large bedroom, 3/4 bath with subway tile shower, full kitchen, and plenty of street parking.  Very clean, charming, and fully furnished. The space is charming and comfortable, but as it is a basement, the ceilings are quite low.  We live upstairs and are looking for cool people that will respect our little home and love it as much as we do! The flat is separate so you can have as much privacy as you want, or let me know if I can help you out in any way! Towels and linens included as well as all the kitchen utensils and basic dishes.  Free washer and dryer just outside the apartment that is shared with the house upstairs.  There is no TV, but WIFI is available. Great location just 15 minutes north of Seattle city center and 5 minutes drive to beautiful Greenlake!  Cute neighborhood cafe culture in Greenwood, and close to Carkeek Park for picnics and wooded trails.  NorthgatePrivate Queen room in Seattle's Greenwood neighborhood.  Quiet dead-end residential street, but two blocks to major bus lines and InterUrban bike trail and Bitter Lake park.  Modern kitchen with all amenities, shared bath. Remodeled house features large eat-in kitchen with french doors to back garden.  Large south facing front porch for Seattle's sunny days :-)  Bedroom has queen bed.  Bath is shared with two others. Full laundry facilities.  Plenty of free off-street parking. Welcome to use all shared spaces - living room, kitchen, laundry, bath, porch.  Full kitchen, full bath, laundry. We'll be in and out while you're there - happy to suggest places to visit or explain the bus system, but won't be in your face.  I normally work 7am-6pm. Family neighborhood in North Seattle - less hustle/bustle/traffic, but still easy jaunt to Seattle sights.  About 35 mins downtown by bus, 15-20 by car.  Close to Northgate mall shopping and restaurants, easy run to Ballard/Greenlake. Two blocks fromWe rent 2 bedrooms and a very large bathroom on the 3rd floor that we rent out to guests. If you are a family or group of 4 people that want to share two bedrooms you can have the whole 3rd floor to yourselves all for $130 night. *Four night minimum* *****NOTE: Will rent out my entire 3 bedroom FULLY FURNISHED Townhouse from October 1, 2015 until April 10th, 2016. So for a full 6 months while I am out of town***** ********Note that we have 35+ reviews for all our guest rooms, past and present. Make sure to read through some of them in the review section below!********* ** Wonderful bonus to staying in an Airbnb space is that you don't have to pay the additional $30 fees to park overnight in downtown hotels, along with having all the comfort and ammenities of home! ** This Wonderful, Cozy & Spacious Master bedroom is on the 3rd floor of our townhouse and opens to the large Master bathroom. It has a super cozy King size bed and room for air mattresses if there are more than 2 guests thatComfortable private room in a large home. Bathroom is nearly private and shared just with one other air bnb room, so if the other room is not booked, it is private.We have a 2 night minimum. The room is good sized with a nice big window, and a small shared bathroom and kitchen. We have WiFi as well as a washer & dryer. The housemate Spencer is very quiet, clean and respectful. My wife Laura and I own a duplex. We live in the upper unit and our friend Spencer lives in the lower unit that has the spare guest room for rent. The room is good sized with a nice big window with al shared bathroom and kitchen. We have WiFi. The housemate Spencer is very quiet, clean and respectful. He works and runs a lot.  We are just a block from the e-line bus route that runs every 10-20 min to downtown which is only 5 miles away. You can hop on that bus and be in the center of the city in 20-30mins.  Expect a nice quite area. You can walk to a grocery store, movie theater, and other restaurants and bars in the oak tree plaza, just a couple blocks away. We love being only 1 mile from Carkeek park, it has beautiful wooded trails that lead to a beach. We enjoy taking ruEnjoy this Pacific NW apartment with reclaimed hardwood floors, new  carpets, Granite kitchen and Bath, Tile flooring throughout the main areas. Clean , warm and cozy with your own private deck and wood burning fireplace. Plush linens and pillow Close to the E line to Downtown Seattle and local neighborhoods. The entire space is for your privacy, a dedicated parking spot for your vehicle. Leave your car and take the bus if you choose. * We hire professional staffing to clean the unit after each guest visits, every area and place the guest touches is sanitized and cleaned for the safety and cleanliness and peace of mind when you stay with us. All sheets and linens are laundered each and every time a guest leaves.  The Oaktree Suite is on the 3rd level with wood burning fireplace and an outside deck facing south. The kitchen has full appliances for your stay and have a Blender, salad spinner, toaster, microwave, coffee maker, rice cooker, lots of pots and pans and cooking utensils, pizzaNice house with shared kitchen. Trees and big backyard. Quiet neighborhood north of Woodland Park Zoo. Private side entrance. Laundry. Wifi included.     International students welcome. Northgate Mall close for shopping. On buslines, parking too.Spacious, fully-furnished apt. with a bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, and living space.  Walking distance to bus lines to city center and other tourist neighborhoods, or stay in this residential neighborhood and enjoy the parks, restaurants, and shops. This 900 square foot daylight basement apartment makes you feel right at home.  There are high ceilings with lots of natural light.  The kitchen comes with a microwave, oven, fridge/freezer.  Also, a tea pot, coffee maker, blender and all the kitchen utensils and silverware and dishes that you will need to prepare meals at home.  The kitchen  was installed in 2015 and there is bamboo flooring throughout the apartment.  The bedroom has a queen size bed as well as a dresser and ample closet space.  As well as two nightstands on either side of bed with reading lamps. The unit comes with access to broadband high speed internet and Direct TV.  Also, there is a private washer/dryer exclusive for guest use that was installed in 2015.   The queen sibedroom & mostly private bath (shared w/ other airbnb room, which is not often rented). Large kitchen, deck & BBQ, off street parking.  15 minutes from Downtown Seattle, 7 minutes to Ballard, Green Lake and Northgate. Close to buses as well. You will have access to a private bedroom and shared bathroom (shared just with 1 other airbnb room). Availability to use a printer/scanner as needed. Shared TV, kitchen, deck, BBQ, and washer/dryer with myself. Also have a pool table if you want to challenge me to a game or 2! House is 2 blocks from major bus lines to downtown, ballard, and Univ of Washington. I have a sweet black lab that loves to cuddle at your feet on the couch and play endless hrs of fetch outsideAdorable 2 queen bedroom house with tons of light and open plan in a great location.  Free parking, all mod conveniences, gas fire, grill, laundry, gas range, and designer finishes throughout.  Quiet neighborhood but convenient to Seattle's best! Historic charming craftsmen home that has been newly designer renovated.  2 queen size bedrooms with shared bathroom.  Additional half bath.  Clean, charming, enormous windows throughout!  Breakfast area, dining room in large living room.  All modern conveniences throughout.  I only rent this space out when I travel for work, but it is my primary residence. The entire main level is the rental.  There is an additional apartment that is also rented out on lower ground level below.  Long term tenants are there so please be respectful of them.  The only shared space is the laundry room which is located outside the lower apartment and accessible to you from the exterior stairs via a keyless code entry. If you are renting my space I am traveling intCome home to this tranquil space in the city, with bbq on the patio, hot tub and fitness center to make your stay enjoyable. Feel comfortable with your own private bath & laundry connected to your room. This is your tranquil setting with a city address. Park free in a safe, lighted area and walk to your space with modern kitchen, dining nook and a private room with private bath. A second bath is available to share for extra guests. More guests are welcome on a couch, set up as a bed, in the living room. Access to private patio bungalow area with bbq. Stay and relax at the Cove with a clubhouse kitchen and grill, pool, hot tub, fitness center and yoga room. Guests have access to pool, hot tub, private walkway to the lake, grill and Carkeek beach access 5 minutes away. Golden Gardens is a beach located 15 minutes away, which I highly recommend. I grew up in Seattle and have always considered this place my home - so ask me anything about where you want to go or what to see while you're heModern 4 beds (3 queens, 1 twin), 3 bedrooms, 3 baths, 2 dedicated parking townhome with large private backyard, patio and balcony. 4 beds (3 queen, 1 twin), 3 bedrooms, 3 baths, 2 dedicated parking spots, 1 large private backyard with patio. The Space Beautiful end-unit townhome with lots of daylight. Custom paint colors, high ceilings, finished hardwood floors, granite/stone countertops and sound proof glass. No street noise. Quiet neighborhood. Paved enclosed patio with rose garden garden and outdoor lounge seating. Two parking spots available (one dedicated garage parking spot + one uncovered dedicated parking spot) available and ample street parking. Large windows and vaulted ceilings in both upstairs bedrooms as well as skylights in bathrooms offer a light and bright feeling. A bedroom on lower level with access to patio yard, ideal for a home office.  Cherry blossoms (Sakura) in the spring, everything is safe and within walking distance, lots of great bars and restaurants, closeA quiet place to rest while visiting family or touring N Seattle. Enjoy our guest suite with a private entrance, dedicated covered parking, dedicated bathroom, minifridge/microwave, comfortable queen bed, TV, wifi and laundry. This guest suite has a private spacious bathroom, private entrance, shared free laundry, queen bed with down comforter and flannel sheets (in the cooler months), desk, armchair and original artwork. There is a large TV with cable, even an Amazon Echo! You'll have a dedicated minifridge, microwave, electric kettle and french press coffee maker with all the fixins. The room is quiet and private. Our guests tell us they sleep really well!  We hope you'll find everything you need within this space. You'll have dedicated access to your room through the carport, and dedicated parking in the carport. The bedroom, bathroom and a closet are totally yours. The laundry room connects to the main house and is the only shared space. You are welcome to our backyard and kitchen Cozy room with a full sized bed in the beautiful Ballard Sunset Hill neighborhood above Shilshole Marina and Golden Gardens Park.  (Also see our Amazing View room for 1-3 people.) Enjoy our urban farm.  Near bus stops. The room has a full sized bed and overlooks our front yard and patio.  It is next to another room we are renting which has a spectacular view to the west which accommodates 1 to 3, so click on the link for that on this page to check it out.   Guests have access to: Full bath shared with the other rented room. The yard including urban farm in the back. Fridge, microwave, toaster, coffee maker. We can discuss access to laundry for long-term guests. For guests who have trouble taking the stairs up to the 2nd floor, we have a chair you can ride up in.  There are a few small steps up into the house from outside, however. We have an very endearing golden doodle dog (hypoallergenic) that you can play with if you like.  We will keep him away from you, if you prefer.   We look foNice home in the heart of urban Ballard. 5 minute drive from bars, store, beach and local activists. Considered the top part of town to visit. The sub area is called sunset hill and for a valid reason since the view here is to much to take in at once.This bright and sunny apartment with garden patio has two bedrooms.  The apt can be rented in its entirety, or just one room.  Walking distance to Old Ballard's shops, restaurants and nightlife as well as the Ballard Locks and Golden Gardens Beach.This bright and sunny apartment with garden patio has two bedrooms. The apt can be rented in its entirety, or just one room. Walking distance to Old Ballard's shops, restaurants and nightlife as well as the Ballard Locks and Golden Gardens Beach.A quiet and peaceful room with private bath in the Sunset Hill area of West Ballard in a neighborhood setting.  Plenty of street parking.  Use of the kitchen.  No cleaning fee.   Five blocks to Puget Sound and the Ballard Locks.  Excellent reviews. Sunset Hills is in an area of northwest Seattle known as Ballard.  Ballard was called "Snoose Junction" until about 20 years ago when it started becoming hip.  It still has its Scandinavian roots, funkiness, and continues as a working fishing port (where the Deadliest Catch boats leave from).   "Downtown Ballard" is 8 blocks to the east where you will find great restaurants like Bastille and Walrus and the Carpenter,  incredible bakeries like Cafe Besalu, shopping, coffee shops (it is Seattle, after all), and sightseeing.   The Hiram Chittenden Locks, a popular (free) attraction and Shilshole Bay in Puget Sound are both within six blocks.  Golden Gardens, a huge, in-city park, is less than two miles and features a sandy beach, great walks anThe detached Studio is a delightful space located in the back of the property adjacent to the alley.   It is accessed thru french doors off  a small private garden. A perfect spot for the independent traveler since we are travelers ourselves. The Studio is attached to the garage with easy access to the alley.  It is a large room with private shower and WC. It includes a queen size bed and walk in shower. There is a ventilating sky light.   You are most welcome to visit with our chickens, grab raspberries or strawberries if they are ripe during your visit or wander thru the vegetable garden. We are located in the Sunset hill area within walking distance to restaurants and shopping.  Includes: *Air conditioned  * Small table & chairs  * Small refrigerator  *  WiFi    * On bus lines (Line 17E & 44)    * Street Parking  * Close to center of Ballard,  Golden Gardens, Hiram Chittenden Locks  * Within walking distance to the Sunday Farmers Market Sometimes, we don't see our guests at all. OftMy house is in one of Seattle's most desirable neighborhoods, Ballard. It's walking distance to the Ballard Locks, shops and restaurants of Old Ballard and Golden Gardens Beach.  The room is on the 2nd floor of the apt so there is a flight of stairs.Well appointed and cozy, this little apartment on the ground floor opens out into a pretty garden. Lots of privacy and light. Within walking distance to bustling downtown Ballard and Golden Gardens. Plenty of parking and close to major bus lines. The apartment is an open floor plan studio with a good size eat-in kitchen. Two new, firm queen beds that can accommodate either a couple, small family or two traveling buddies. The kitchen is well-stocked with all you might need to make a meal. High-end linens and towels, lots of coffee making options and an electric kettle! Bathroom has shower, no bath tub. Access to laundry. Wifi, Bose Bluetooth speaker, Cable/HBO and a smart TV in addition to a little library. Guests access the apartment through their own private entrance. We will accommodate the needs of any guest and fully respect the privacy of our guests. Of course, we are available and happy to support in any way we can if that is desired. We are in the Sunset Hill area of Ballard, whPeople flock to the nearby Sunset Hill Park for these amazing views but they can be all yours in this private 3-bedroom 3-bath home.  Sip a drink made from your stocked bar on the back deck in the hot tub, or cozy up to the fireplace if it's cold out LONG TERM BOOKINGS ONLY AFTER 8/1/15 PLEASE! Super private space with expansive views of Shilshole Bay, Puget Sound and Bainbridge Island.  This is a newly remodeled home (the main floor and upstairs, the downstairs still maintains its retro roots) with the bones of a 1928 craftsman.  There are two wood-burning fireplaces for use during the colder months and a large back deck complete with a "shack" and hot tub for outdoor entertaining.   Upstairs is a large master suite with a King-sized bed, the main floor has a full-sized bed and a private deck, and the downstairs has a queen-sized bed. There is also office space with a printer/scanner available if you need to work while here.  I typically use the space for file storage and work out on A lovely spacious room for 1 to 3 with a stunning view of the Sound & mountains from above Shilshole Marina and Golden Gardens Park. Cozy chair, table & desk.  Urban farm in yard. Near city bus stop. Beautiful Sunset Hill/Ballard neighborhood.  The room has both a queen bed, and a twin bed used as couch when not needed for sleep.  (A 2nd room with one full bed next to this one is also available for rent.) Enjoy returning to our glorious abode after your day's activities elsewhere, or simply hang out here.  The view from the room is impressive even on a rainy day.  When the Olympic Mountains come out, it's spectacular. It's also fun to check out the ships on the Sound and to watch for eagles and other birds. Listen for sea lions. Guests have access to: * Full bath shared with 2nd rental room. * The yard including urban farm in the back. * Fridge, microwave, coffee-maker and toaster. Long-term guests can discuss laundry access. You can also enjoy our incredibly sweet, hypoallergenic goldDramatic floor to ceiling windows optimize this peaceful Ballard location, with rooftop deck boasting sweeping views of Shilshole Bay and the puget sound. Ten minute walk to Ballard Avenue shops and restaurants. Stress free access to most of Seattle's finest attractions including Discovery Park and quick access to downtown. Two-bedroom plus den with a sofa bed, two and half bath 1500 Square Foot, Ballard contemporary, adjacent to Ballard Locks with rooftop deck and spectacular views of Shilshole Bay and the Puget Sound.   Watch commercial fishing vessels come and go from this brand new construction with top quality finishes: Granite, hardwood and stainless steel abound. Dramatic floor to ceiling windows optimize this perfect peaceful Ballard location. Ten minute walk to Ballard Avenue and Market St shops and restaurants. Five minute walk to Ballard locks. Stress free access to most of Seattle's finest attractions including Discovery Park, Golden Gardens State Park and quick access to dA private room in a home in the Ballard/Sunset Hill neighborhood of Seattle. The room is a teen girls room in a light filled house. It is block from Cafe Fiore, and the stairs down to Golden Gardens beach as well as a block from the bus. A private room in a home in the Ballard/Sunset Hill neighborhood of Seattle. The room is a teen girls room in a light filled house. It is block from Cafe Fiore, and the stairs down to Golden Gardens beach as well as a block from the bus. This is my daughters room but she is away at college. Since she still returns for visits I can't gut it and make it into a sweet full time guest room yet. So you are forewarned that you will be staying in a single twin bed in a clean but slightly cluttered teen room. There are photographs of the Beastie Boys! If this is not an anathema to you and you are looking for a nice inexpensive place to stay, welcome! There is also a desk and a small couch in the room that folds into a sort-of futon, so there could be two peopleThree Bedroom, Two Bath home just a 10 min walk to Golden Gardens. 30 minute bus ride into Downtown Seattle. Our home has supplies for a 3 year old and 1 year old plus a large fenced in yard in the back with an alley. Our home is very cute with lots of light and an open feel. The main floor has two bedrooms next to each other: the master bedroom with a king latex foam mattress, the kid room with a twin futon. A spacious living room and an large kitchen area make for lots of living space on the main floor.  Our fully finished basement features a cozy but bright bedroom with a queen organic latex foam bed from Soaring Heart Mattress, a large bathroom with rain drop shower and heated floors, and a huge fully carpeted and fun playroom. The house is on a relatively large lot so our backyard is perfect for hanging out and having an afternoon drink. We have two small children so if you have children, they will delight in the toys and kids furniture around the house. If you don't have small chImmaculate, light-filled home in Sunset Hill with mountain and water views.  Gourmet kitchen, outdoor spaces, entirely comfortable and enjoyable.   3 minute walk from amazing Italian restaurant, coffee & ice cream shop, delightful neighborhood grocery, and minutes from Golden Gardens beach & all the amazing restaurants that Ballard has to offer.   _______________________ BEDROOMS AND BATHS: 3 bedrooms total _______________________ 1 very large, master bedroom upstairs with king bed, bathroom, desk, and seating 2 bedrooms on the main level, one full bed, one inflatable queen, and full bathroom down the hall 1 Family room downstairs with a very comfortable down-filled Crate Barrel couch and self-inflating full mattress All linens, blankets, pillows, towels, and guest robes included ___________ AMENITIES: ___________ All of the amenities needed for comfortable living.  WiFi, digital doorlocks, blu-ray home theater, air hockey and ping-pong table.  Wonderful appliances, brand-new LG washerRelish in four-star comfort in a contemporary family home in Seattle's liveliest, most eclectic neighborhood. A romantic master bedroom with a peekaboo view to the canal and 3 others are available for guests. Easy parking. Easy walkable 'hood. Easy decision. Relax and enjoy all the amenities of our 3,400 sq ft., new construction home (built 2008): large master w view to puget sound. jacuzzi tub and walk-in shower. expansive great room + kitchen. everything you need provided. fully equipped kitchen has all the tools and stainless appliances you might need: gas stove top, grill, microwave, vitamix.  3 primary bedrooms available. master w king bed + 2 kid's rooms w queen beds. ideal house for a couple, or small family.  the kid's bedrooms work well for adults or kids. we use one of them as the guest room when family/friends are visiting.  - wifi throughout the house - safe parking space provided - front yard is ideal for kids (grass area, soccer goal, fenced in) - gas bar-b-q available stBrand new, spacious 2-brdm*, 2.5 bath home just a 10 min walk from Downtown Ballard or Golden Gardens. 15-20 minute bus ride into Downtown Seattle. * Additionally, house also includes a fully stocked nursery and separate kids playroom. Our home has all the creature comforts of a Craftsman-style home, with all the modern conveniences one could want. Sleeping: We have two bedrooms (one King and one Queen), a nursery, and a rec room with a Queen sleeper sofa.  Living/Relaxing: We have a living room (part of the great room), a separate TV room, and a rec room for kids stocked with toys. Cooking: Chef's kitchen complete with 6-burner WOLF range. Outside: Gas/infrared BBQ, large backyard w/ basketball hoop. (We are also happy to provide any kids toys, pak 'n plays, bouncers, etc. that you need.) We have a wonderful, friendly and quiet neighborhood. A 1977 Islander Freeport with a happy crew!Luxury Ballard home with beautiful rooftop views of the water. 5 minute walk to the beach, 10 minute walk to downtown Ballard and a 10 minute car ride to downtown Seattle. Enjoy fabulous food and great nightlife in this beautiful part of Seattle Our home is equipped with CitiQuiet soundproof windows in the master bedroom, a fully furnished rooftop deck and Weber gas grill, and priceless views of Salmon Bay and Seattle. Bus stops are close by but our home is walking distance to great restaurants and shops in Ballard.Our comfortable town home has a true city feeling! It comfortably fits two and is centrally located on a quiet location, just minutes from Greenlake, Northgate Mall, Ballard and Greenwood. Enjoy a gave stove kitchen, and easy access to bus lines. Hello! This is a beautiful, cozy new town home with a contemporary design that is fully furnished with everything you need to enjoy your Seattle stay! It has a small garden out front to enjoy, and is approximately 10 blocks from Greenlake, Greenwood and the Northgate Mall. To get downtown you are just a quick 10 miles from the heart of Seattle, where you will find the Space Needle and many cafes, bookstores, the waterfront and amazing seafood.  The bus line is very accessible to take you anywhere in the city. It is approximately 10 feet or one block from the home.  Greenwood has many bars and cafes for young people. Greenlake also has cafes and open bars, but also a 3 mile jogging loop that many people enjoy. In the heart of the city you can fThe cottage welcomes guests with an inviting mix of vintage charm and 21st century updates.  It sits in a garden on its own lot, next door to our house.  Our neighborhood offers a quiet and convenient springboard to the Seattle area's attractions. Beadboard and shingle walls, an antique stained glass window and a tile floor in the foyer greet visitors to the front door.  The foyer opens into the warm fir floors of the living room, where a  vintage sofa and rocker allow you to relax with a book, the stereo/iPod dock, or the flatscreen TV.  Netflix streaming is included, along with a DVD player.  A wall of bookshelves is stocked with a variety of reading material, and an assortment of games and puzzles.  Wireless internet and a small desk provide comfortable workspace if needed. The kitchen includes a full-sized stove and refrigerator, with cookware to prepare full meals for family or friends. The kitchen is stocked with a variety of breakfast foods, plus pantry basics such as cooking oiThis bright and modern townhouse is near all essentials:  less than 5 minutes to Northgate Mall, restaurants, bars, 15 minutes from downtown, 10 minutes from University  of Washington, near bus lines, and has a cozy patio.  Two spacious bedrooms, full sized kitchen with essentials and laundry. The home is located a few minutes from the freeway, is bright and open even in the winter, and is cozy.  The sectional sofa has an additional ottoman that when placed together can make a queen sized sleeping space. The living area is decorated with a modern and industrial feel with bright pops of color. Throughout the home. Both bedooms, bathrooms, living area, patio. As much as guests feel comfortable. I'd be happy to leave a key somewhere and stay out of your hair. It's close to shopping, restaurants, bars, and is easy access to downtown and elsewhere. Yes, there are several bus lines very nearby.Nestled within cedar and fir trees just off  Northgate Way and Aurora Ave N, this peaceful, warm and light home has 2 bedrooms with queen size beds-an organic futon and a regular mattress; a meditation/yoga room; full kitchen, cozy living room with gas fireplace, and 1.5 bathrooms. We use natural products for laundry and cleaning. We are a shoes off household. We are a married couple with 4 grown children and 5 grandkids. We are meditators and own an aikido and yoga center. We love nature, people, animals and Mother Earth. You will have the entire house, backyard, and gazebo to use. Includes washer and dryer. We will welcome you on your first day. We are available by phone and at times in-person. Safe, quiet, good neighbors. Excellent Indian restaurant you can walk to. Thornton Creek Theater and bistros close by. 4 blocks off Aurora Ave with bus Rapid Ride E Line, just 20 minutes to downtown Seattle. Within walking distance to Northgate Mall. Enterprise rental car close by, will pick yBeautifully renovated 3 bedroom house with easy access to I-5 and Northgate mall. Perfect for 6 guests and can sleep 10 comfortably. 2000 sq ft with 2 bedrooms up and 1 down. Very private yard. Open plan with mountain view from breakfast nook. The house is newly renovated to high standards. The upstairs has a nice open kitchen, dining, living area as well as two bedrooms and a full bathroom. The downstairs has a large living area, a huge bedroom, and a second full bathroom. Very spacious.  The kitchen/dining/living area has hardwood floors. The upstairs bedrooms and the downstairs areas are carpeted. Both bathrooms have tile floors.  One of the upstairs rooms has a queen bed. The other upstairs room has two twin beds that can be put together with some effort to make a king. One sofa in the living room converts to a double bed. The second upstairs sofa converts to a large single bed. The downstairs bedroom has a king size bed that can be converted to two singles. The downstairs living aThe Northgate Villa is the first floor of a split level home.  With complete privacy The Villa is safe, quiet and relaxing location for your vacation.  Welcome. Newly updated and located in a rural area of the city of Seattle, we are central to everything in the Pacific Northwest.     * Ferry trips to the Olympic Penninsula,     * Hiking trips in the Cascade Mountains,     * Ski trips to Stevens Pass,     * sight seeing in downtown Seattle,     * Woodland Park Zoo,     * on the way to Vancouver BC.   The list is endless.  The Northgate Villa provides a comfortable, spacious (1200 sq ft), relaxing, home to rejuvenate for the next day.   Private patio, luxurious living room with 55' TV / DVD, oversized bean bag for the kids & new furniture for the adults, wireless internet, hot tub and large comfortable queen beds are just a few of the amenities awaiting you. The Calendar on this site is current and up to date. Please check it to view if your desired dates are available.      Please cont10 min walking to the Northgate mall, cinema, cafes and restaurants. close to Northgate bus station, it can take you to anywhere in the cityWonderfully appointed, spacious, light, and a true respite for you to enjoy! We've had the pleasure of furnishing it with a combination of antiques and modern furniture, paintings and art-work, and pretty cool tchotchkes of all sorts. A visual feast! This large studio apartment is spacious, light, and fully, beautifully, furnished. Extremely comfy queen bed with additional air beds available. Garden setting with private, warm, sunny southwest entrance via a tree and bush-lined path. Another east-facing garden path leads to the large shared deck, complete with stream and a beautiful koi pond. Apartment has two large skylights (one giving you a view of the stars when in bed!) and the extremely capacious bathroom has yet a third - as well as a full tub, should you want that relaxing feature. Beautiful, private garden view from the large south-facing window as well as from the French doors. Antique and modern furniture, French chandelier; dining table with chairs. Fresh blueberries, raspbeGreat location in North Seattle with close access to freeway and bus lines. Quiet bedroom in the back of the house. Spacious yard and within close driving distance to downtown and surrounding areas. Enjoy the best of what Seattle has to offer with a quiet and flexible host! This house was built by the previous owners in 1952. There are many custom features, a retro style bathroom and architecture. Shared bathroom, kitchen, living area Shared bathroom, kitchen, living area(URL HIDDEN) This first floor guest space is a roomy 350 SQ FT room with queen size bed and family space for dining.  Private entrance and private full bathroom (including bathtub).  Parking space included.       Very spacious 350 SQ FT open floor plan with queen size bed and family space with table and chairs.  Guests have access via a private separate entrance which allows flexibility. The room has a dedicated private full bathroom. (Bathroom sink has been replaced in July 2015) We have an optional air mattress for a 3rd and 4th guest. Extra $10 per night per guest (3rd/4th).  Children under 5 are free. Breakfast is not provided. 3 minutes away from North gate shopping mall, 2 minutes away from I-5, less than 5 minutes from HWY 99. We would like to provide guests with privacy and a relaxing time at our place. We will meet you when you check in to give you instructions and will be present during your stay.  Breakfast is not provided. Very quiet neighborhood. 3 minutes away from NorthgSpacious 2 bedroom main floor of beautifully renovated house with easy access to I-5 and Northgate mall. Perfect for up to 6 guests. Very private yard. Open plan with mountain view from breakfast nook. The house is newly renovated to high standards. The space has a nice open kitchen, dining, living area as well as two bedrooms and a full bathroom.  The kitchen/dining/living area has hardwood floors. The bedrooms are carpeted. The bathroom has a tub/shower and tile floors.  One of the bedrooms has a queen bed. The other one has two twin beds that can be put together with some effort to make a king. One sofa in the living room converts to a double bed and a second sofa converts to a large single bed.  All this provides sleeping for 7 on 5 separate beds! Your access will be limited to the main floor upstairs, the downstairs laundry area, and the yard. I live in Vancouver, Canada and am available by phone and messaging. In an emergency, I have a friend who can stop by the house. I am a divYou will notice there's no availability late October through next summer. We are rebuilding our main house and staying in the cabin ourselves for several months! You can ask if it's available but we may say no.  Thanks for your interest in our little piece of heaven! Sweet restored stockade style log cabin right on Haller Lake. You would never know you were within the Seattle city limits! Haller Lake is a quiet, natural spring fed 15 acre lake surrounded by private homes.  Custom woodwork inside with artful touches. Sleeps 2 upstairs in full sized bed. Main floor has comfy sofa, kitchenette with microwave, single induction burner cooktop, coffee maker, toaster and small refrigerator, teapot, dishes and glasses; 3/4 bath with new stone tile shower; we have Wi-Fi!  This cabin is heated mainly with the wood fireplace. The photos show the old wood stove. You can now watch the flames and there is a fan to spread the heat around a little better. There is also a deLonghi oil heater to add a lThis bright room in a modern townhouse is near all essentials: less than 5 minutes to Northgate Mall, restaurants, bars, 15 minutes from downtown, 10 minutes from University of Washington, near bus lines, and has a cozy patio.Huge downstairs bedroom and living area with 2 to 3 beds. Can sleep 4+.  Full bathroom. Laundry. A huge bedroom and separate living area with full bathroom. The bedroom has a day bed that can be converted to a single bed plus a mattress on the floor, or a king bed. The sofa bed in the living area converts to a queen bed. Living area also has a desk and chair. There is no kitchen. Your stay will be limited to downstairs of the house with it's own entrance. I live in Vancouver, Canada and am available by phone and messaging. In an emergency, I have a friend who can stop by the house. I am a divorced dad and I rent this house to parent my two young children, who live nearby. With the landlord's permission I host guests through Airbnb to offset the cost of maintaining a second home. By staying here you are helping my kids have their father play a meaningful role in their childhood. I'm grateful for your patronage. There are tons of amenities nearby and super-easy access to the I-5 and downLocated in a very easily accessible area of Seattle, yet on a private dead end street, this house is a great value to anyone visiting the Pacific Northwest. We will provide you a comfortable, relaxing and re-energizing house completely to yourself for whatever you may need. Private and large back yard, inviting living room, full kitchen and VERY comfortable queen sized memory foam mattresses in each bedroom are just a few of the amenities awaiting you. The house boasts 1,560 square feet of comfortable furniture, wireless internet and cable TV. There is a 40'' television in the living room along with a 55" TV in the downstairs rec area, allowing different groups of people to be watching different programs. Along with the TV in the rec room, there is also a classic video arcade cabinet, boasting over 3,000 of the most classic games there are to offer! Entertainment for hours, days... maybe even weeks!!! We are kid and family friendly, although we ask that you leave your pets at home. TheContemporary urban apartment in a lovely setting! Our 2BR/2BA ground-floor vacation rental sits beside a creek in Seattle's Northgate neighborhood. Just 10 miles from downtown, with easy access to several bus lines! Contemporary urban style in a lovely setting! This 2-bed, one-bath vacation rental apartment in Seattle's Northgate neighborhood sits beside Victoria Creek and provides the perfect minimalist space for those here to see Seattle. Just 10 miles from downtown with easy access to several bus lines!  After a day in the city, step outside on the patio with a bottle of wine, sink into the plush outdoor furniture, and listen to the burbling creek.   Note: This home has both an upstairs and a downstairs apartment. This listing is for the downstairs apartment (sleeps 6). You can also rent both units together to sleep a total of 14 guests!  INSIDE THE APARTMENT We designed this 2-bedroom apartment for guests who are here to spend time in our city. It's a simple, minimalist (and gorgeoContemporary, 2BR/1BA creekside vacation retreat, just 10 miles north of downtown Seattle. Victoria Creek babbles right underneath the outdoor living area! Sleeps 8. This contemporary, creek-side vacation retreat, just 10 miles north of downtown Seattle, features stunning architecture and a setting to match. Victoria Creek babbles right underneath the outdoor living area! Ideal for a group of friends who want to explore Seattle, then return to the tree-lined residential neighborhood of Northgate. Multiple Seattle bus lines stop just outside. And two bedrooms and 3 ultra-comfy sofa beds means our apartment can accommodate up to 8 guests!  This home has two separate apartment rentals, with one on each floor. This listing is for the upper floor. You can also book both apartments together and sleep a total of 14 people (8 above, 6 below) at an unbeatable nightly rate. INSIDE THE APARTMENT Inside, an open-concept, minimalist retreat awaits. Perfect for those who want to stay in a simple, beMy home is 20 minutes from the wonderful sites and neighborhoods of Seattle . Downtown , Greenwood, Freemont, Ballard are also reachable by bus which is just steps away from my 3rd floor condo. Bbq, wifi masterbedroom, wifi,sauna and jacuzzi rooms  There I will leave in the mornings and spend a lot of time outdoors at the lake and walking before and after work. I will be home to read and go to sleep. I am very flexible  and enjoy being all around my neighborhood until dark. The neighborhood is a family spot so it is very quiet. a beloved store with homemade soups and salads is one of many sweet spots for kids and adults. The lake is a main attraction in Seattle bringing in racers, walkers, birders, type rope walkers and picnicers! Two favorite coffee houses live on Greenwood Ave. hardly a walk away! Two small local , live theaters  are within walking distance as well. Four neighboring towns, each with their own flavor and culture are each ten minutes away by bus or car.Lots of lively mCome stay in our cozy town home while visiting Seattle.Our 2 story townhouse by the end of private d-way features a private car port, 2 bedroom and 1.5 bathroom.We are located at Northgate area,1 minute from the mall,restorants,10 min from downtown and 2.3 miles from the Green lake.       *during your trip the private place makes you feel like you are at your own house(URL HIDDEN)safety and cleanliness guaranteed ( we are not a huge company on a market which runs hundreds of customers per day, we try our the best, because your impressions are very important to us) ;      *  why not hotel? - hotel will never run from you, but experience of living as people live at the city u came to explore will bring you a lot of nice memories and friends.   the guests will have a wide verity of stores , cinema, restaurants, ATM  within short walking distance( 3-5min) as a pleace is located 2 min from a mall you will get your key as soon as you got to your rental , its going to be at a key box.  my towPrivate room in a beautiful remodeled craftsman in the convenient Greenlake neighborhood. Cozy & comfortable home with excellent light, clean kitchen, and outdoor space. Easy access to UW, Downtown & Northgate areas. Full access to everything in the home, backyard and BBQ, fully stocked and equipped kitchen, washer and dryer, Insuring you have all that you need I will rarely be in your space. This is your home to enjoy and relax, while you are here. It's conveniently located, quiet, safe with lots of off-street parking. Yes!! Situated midway between I-5 and 99, there are a lot of public transportation options to Downtown Seattle. Or hop in the freeway and pick the best option for traffics to get you downtown.  The E-Line runs N-S ever 7-10 minutes making this a great location of you need to get downtown or to the Seattle Center or other locations like Wallingford or Fremont.Our cozy Green Lake Artist Cottage is the perfect place to find rest, relaxation and joy all while being just 8 minutes away from Downtown Seattle.  The Home Features light, airy and calming colors, wood floors, fireplace and farmhouse kitchen. Our room was luxuriously designed to bring a feeling of high-end comfort. Boasting brand new Sateen bedding with down comforter, down pillows and pillow top mattress, you will dream sweetly in this space Access of Garden, back yard, Kitchen, living room (with fireplace and library) 2 bathrooms and your guest room will bring you a home away from home feeling. Let's connect! Remember that great scene in Forrest Gump where  Mrs. Gump was making breakfast for her guests, that's how I envision this... a little bit of a bed and breakfast.  The home is made for those with a need for muse, and is child friendly. We are 3 walking blocks from GreenLake and all its restaurants, shops, golf range, theatre, basket ball court, swimming lake, dog park and runn• Simple décor, hardwood floors, refinished bathroom • Near Greenlake, Downtown, Fremont, Greenwood, Queen Anne, Northgate, SLU, Wallingford & UW • On major arterials, bus, bike & running routes • Easy access to natural foods Ideally located with easy access to everything! The unit is super clean, conveniently situated, and perfect for a week-end guest stay or short-term or long-term housing. Key will be provided at check-in. I will be available for check-in, and at check-out (as needed). This lovely apartment is perfectly located in the Greenlake / Greenwood neighborhood just north of Downtown Seattle. Easy access to everything Seattle visitors might wish to explore while in town - Seattle Art Museum, Seattle Center (Pacific Northwest Ballet / McCaw Hall / Space Needle), Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Benaroya Hall, Pike Place Market, University of Washington, Safeco Field and CenturyLink Stadium. You'll be one block from major arterials, bus and bike routes and walking distance to Our house is unusual, but lovely. The hosts are present, but have their own lives. The main floor is yours to share and enjoy, but your room is private and cozy. We have two small dogs and two cats, but they won't be in your room. It's nice, you'll see! We're a professional couple with a cool house and extra space to house fun travelers. Our home was built in the late 70s and is best described as Northwest Modern Eclectic. You'll get it when you see it!  The house has an open floor plan with lofted spaces, lots of natural light and period details. Check out the photo descriptions for more information. You have full access to our main floor including a spacious living room, kitchen, sitting room/lounge, a large covered deck and your own en suite bedroom. Shared fridge space is available and you are welcome to use the toaster oven, microwave, hot water kettle, mugs, dishes, flatware, etc in the kitchen. Soap, towels, bed linens and other basics provided. Wi-fi is included too. We'll be aYou are so welcome to our brand new house, located in Northgate area, just across North Seattle College, 20 mins bus ride or 15 mins drive to the scenic downtown Seattle. Fully furnished with complete kitchen, TV Cable, & Free WIFI. Free Parking spaces are available. Female ONLY. NO EXCEPTION. Short 20 mins bus ride or 15 mins drive to downtown Seattle. Shared areas are bathroom, living room, & kitchen area. The guest can use the kitchen facility RESPONSIBLY and CLEAN it after EACH use. This is a rental property. If you need any helps or have any questions about Seattle and surrounding area, you can ask us who live in the front house or call or email us anytime. We would be more than glad to answer and give suggestions about places to go and eat. It is a strategic yet quiet neighborhood. It is close to pretty much everywhere. There are a big shopping mall, several department stores, a few groceries, & a lot of good restaurants with different types of foods. Easy public transportation, 1 bedroom 1 bath condo on corner of building with terrestrial views of the North College Park area. Easy access to I-5 and Highway 99, which is a huge plus in the Seattle area. 10 minute drive to downtown Seattle. Lots of public transportation too. This condo is in an ideal location if you are visiting the north Seattle area for a UW, North Seattle Community College or SPU graduation, a doctor needing a place to stay for a Northwest hospital conference or family of a patient visiting one of the area hospitals. Large living area and bedroom, tons of natural light and a covered parking spot make this place comfortable and convenient. Large deck makes it a great place in the summer for having a drink outside or bbq'ing your dinner. The guest will have access to all the comforts of home including Satellite TV, wireless Internet, washer and dryer, big kitchen, parking spot and full bath.  I can interact with guests when needed by cell phone but in most cases I will be traveling outside the This is the entire top floor of a early 1900's home converted into triplex located just north of Downtown Seattle & 2 minutes west of I-5. Unit has been recently renovated with new paint, fixtures & plumbing. It has a separate bathroom with tub & full kitchen. Laundry machine service available. This unit is perfect for a traveling family. It features a spacious living room with large windows, fully functional kitchen, well stocked bathroom, master bedroom with a queen sized bed, kid's room with 2 twin beds, & spare bedroom with a foldable futon. All 3 bedrooms have separate closets too! This is a building I own separate from where I live, so this unit is truly all to yourself! No need for me to meet with you to check in or out as the unit is accessed via code entered in a keypad. No space is off limits, but please be respectful to the 2 units below you as there are regular tenants living there. Laundry room in building is shared with the other 2 units. Although I will not be present du3 bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms. Lots of natural light. Carport parking assigned. Walking distance to North Seattle College, Northgate shopping mall, Carkeek Park. Convenient access to downtown Seattle, Aurora Ave and I-5. Bus stop only 1 minute away! Our sunny townhouse is looking forward to welcoming you! Accomodation - 2 bedrooms are furnished with queen beds - 3rd bedroom can be used as an office. Leather sofa converts into a queen size bed - 2 full bathrooms - Spacious kitchen with all new appliances - Private balcony Location Walking distance to North Seattle College, Northgate mall, Carkeek Park. Plenty of options for food: Chineese, Indian, Thai, Mexican, Hawaiian and more. Convenient access to downtown Seattle, Aurora Ave and I-5. Bus stop only 1 minute away! Travel essentials - High speed internet - TV & Cable (to relax after a long day in the city :-) ) - Washer and Dryer - Carport parking assigned, lots of additional parking on the streetThe room comes with a full sized queen bed and its own full bathroom. That mixed with the ambient light, tall ceilings and a bit of hospitality; you will feel right at home. Queen & full sized air mattresses also available. The room is the first bedroom door you see as you climb up to the 3rd floor. It is full of light and it's a comfortable space.  The couch on the second floor is comfortable too! Your bedroom is on the 3rd floor; but that doesn't mean you have to stay there. The room is full of light and it's a comfortable space, but the couch on the second floor is even more comfortable!  You're welcome to the kitchen and the living room; make yourself at home. We'll likely be around if you need anything just ask! Public transportation is simple to navigate in Seattle, and unlike many US cities, most people use it! Getting to or from the airport takes about 2 hours via public transit, taxis are an option but are expensive. You're better off getting the light rail into downtown and tOur house sits at the end a quiet dead end and yet has plenty to do: 1/2 mile from Green Lake, a mile from Greenwood's "town," and near the fun Univ. District. Just 15 minutes from downtown with easy access to busses, and we're just off the freeway. This 2nd story room has a full size bed, small closet, tiny dresser, desk and chair, full-length mirror, and its own deck with seats for 3. Your full bathroom is next door, and you will have exclusive use of the shower in the morning. An air mattress can be used for an extra guest. In addition to your bedroom deck, there is a larger deck off the kitchen for hot tubbing, outdoor eating, and sun bathing. You are also welcome to a gourmet kitchen, a large dining table, and living room with television and DVD player.  Please feel free to have the run of the house! All of its common areas are open to you. We are available most weekends to hang out and possibly show you around. Great neighborhood for running, walking, biking and (website hidden) Charming 2 bedroom suite located just blocks from Greenlake    Modern, recently remodeled 2-bedroom suite on the lower level of our home.    The suite has a private entrance and features a comfortable living room with cable tv, a bathroom with full shower/tub, and two cozy bedrooms.  Each bedroom contains a full sized bed and wardrobe for hanging your clothes - perfect for families or parties of 4 or more.     Features a full kitchen, complete with brand new stainless steel appliances, including a built-in microwave, and everything you'll need to make the perfect meal.  (Or refrigerate your leftovers from the many great restaurants Seattle has to offer)   A washer and dryer, shared with us, is available upon request.  Other amenities include complimentary wireless internet, hair dryer, and an iron/ironing board.    We live upstairs with our two dogs and are always happy to give restaurant and travel trips (or anything else you might need) to help make your visit a memorable one.  We arThree bedroom, 1 bath rambler is the classic Seattle house! Its just minutes to downtown Seattle, University Village and 5 blocks from Greenlake. We have a recently updated kitchen, wood floors and a nice patio to BBQ. Its a cozy, comfortable house with plenty of space and rooms to relax. Our kitchen was recently updated and the decor is a mix of modern and classic. -The house has 1,500 square feet of living space  -Guest Room #1 - Queen size bed - sleeps 2 -Guest Room #2 - Twin Bunk Bed -  sleeps 2 - Office/Guest Room #3 - Aerobed - sleeps 2 (very comfortable w/ a foam topper) - Family Room - Large sectional couch (sleeps 1) -TV (limited cable, large & ancient - but we like it:) - DVD player  - Fast Internet (we watch most shows online) - Driveway and free main street parking is available and plentiful .  -French doors that lead to a patio & BBQ from the dining area We will have interaction with our guests at check in and check out. Please let us know your arrival time. We have a key Attic room with a twin sized bed and access to common bathrooms. This is a very simple space in a small room.  Good for someone just looking for a place to sleep. I always put fresh sheets on the bed, and the room is private, quiet and clean. There is also a small wooden study desk and a closet to hang your clothes. The room is right next to the bathroom, which you will share with me. Or you can use the common bathroom on the main floor. I try not to oversell this room in my description.  I think the price is good if you are just looking for a place to sleep in a good location.  There is easy parking outside, and you will have access to the common bathroom, kitchen, TV, home gym and laundry. There are currently two people living in the house, including myself. There will likely be other guests living on the main floor below you. The house is far enough from the city to have fresh air and a quiet space, but close enough to the Northgate Transit Center to get just about anywhere: downtow    We occasionally rent out place out when we go on vacation, but we are very selective because we love our little oasis. Ideally we are looking for someone that would be interested i a reduced rate in exchange for feeding our cats :)    We live in the northgate/greenwood area of seattle and have a very cute, 800sf house with an amazing garden, 2 cats, a greenhouse that makes an amazing hang-out room, chickens, honey bees.   Close to everything!     Close access to downtown seattle and the freeway, it takes about 5-10 minutes to get into seattle depending on traffic we only rent the place out when we are out of town, but you may interact a bit with my brother who will be checkin in on the cats, that is unless you want to cat sit! :) the neighborhood is not the most ideal, half our street is houses and half the street is apartments, which makes for a lot of cars parked.  But we are nice and close(1block)from an asian grocery store, starbucks, corepower yoga, and a movie theater Very coBrand spanking new smart home equipped 1br with a 1.25 shared bath with another rental room in (website hidden) with Amazon Prime in room. 15 minutes from downtown, nearby restaurants, bars, and more! Smart phone REQUIRED to stay here (that's your key). IPad controlled blinds, combo locks on doors. This brand new Townhome is smart home ready. Blinds and locks are controllable from your phone and iPad. Radiant heating in the floors keep you warm while the foam bed and gel pillow keeps you cozy in bed. Don't worry about allergies, synthetic down alternative comforter was used to minimize allergens.  The 32" flatscreen with Amazon Fire Stick will keep you entertained for hours. If you need recommendations, or need help with something I can chime in. You'll have access to my cell phone in case you have any questions during your stay. My Townhome is minutes away from Greenlake as well as plenty of restaurants, bars, and shopping. I conveniently live close to the E line which will take you dThis is a clean house that is quiet and well taken care of. I live 7 miles north of downtown Seattle and 4 miles north of UW. The room listed here is in the basement of the house, with its own kitchen and bathroom. The room features a queen sized bed, fresh linen, windows, a large study desk and hanging closet space. Right outside the room is a private bathroom not shared by anyone else and small private kitchen separate from the kitchen on the main floor. However, we all share the laundry room and home gym on this basement floor. You will have access to the private bathroom and kitchen, as well as the common spaces in the family room, home gym and laundry room. There are currently three people living in the house, including myself. I will be available most days to help you out if you need anything. The house is far enough from the city to have fresh air and a quiet space, but close enough to the Northgate Transit Center to get just about anywhere: downtown Seattle, UW, Capitol Hill, BCozy comfort with great character. Cedar posts, old growth Douglas fir beams, rich concrete stained floors and counter tops. In residential neighborhood walking distance to beautiful Greenlake. 10% of your payment is donated to the home owners' nonprofit First Aid Arts to help trauma survivors find hope and healing. Charming little spot with great character/atmosphere and everything you need. On same property as owners' main home, but very private. Great value. Washer and dryer. Shower/bath. Kitchenette with everything you need for simple cooking and reheating meals. Dishes and flatware.  Full size fridge/freezer. Full size teak dining table. Futton couch that folds into a double bed. Spacious deck with Chiminea fireplace and BBQ. We love and value the art of hospitality. After traveling in Europe and experiencing warm and generous individuals willing to take us in during our college study abroad days, we are blessed to offer our Carriage House studio apartment as a space to rest, procThis is a clean house that is quiet and well taken care of. There are five bedrooms, three bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, washer, dryer, home gym and tea room. The room listed here has a queen sized bed, a North-facing window, and a study desk. The space is minimally decorated, but it is is my favorite room in the house because the temperature stays cool in the summer. There is also enough space for another queen mattress if there are more than two of you traveling. You will have access to the common bathroom, kitchen, family room, gym and laundry room. The room is right next to the common bathroom, but there are two other bathrooms in the house if it happens to be occupied. There are currently two people living in the house, including myself. There will also likely be other guests. I will be available most days to help you out if you need anything. The house is far enough from the city to have fresh air and a quiet space, but close enough to the Northgate Transit Center to get jThis is a clean house that is quiet and well taken care of. There are six bedrooms, three bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, washer, dryer, home gym and tea room. The room listed here has a queen sized bed, a East-facing window, and a study desk. The space is minimally decorated with a queen size bed, study desk and closet. The room is right next to the bathroom. You will have access to the common bathroom, kitchen, family room, gym and laundry room. The room is right next to the common bathroom, but there are two other bathrooms in the house if it happens to be occupied. There are currently two people living in the house, including myself. There will also likely be other guests. I will be available most days to help you out if you need anything. The house is far enough from the city to have fresh air and a quiet space, but close enough to the Northgate Transit Center to get just about anywhere: downtown Seattle, UW, Capitol Hill, Ballard, etc. The neighborhood is safe, quiet, and eaNew apartment in the Phinney Ridge neighborhood of Seattle.  Nicely situated to restaurants, shops, grocery store and the bus stop to downtown.  Walking distance to Woodland Park Zoo and Greenlake.  All the amenities of home with all the comfort. This lower level apartment is new and comes with all the amenities: large flat screen cable TV, WI-FI, electric mantle fireplace, all new stainless steel appliances & quartz counter tops, queen bed, washer & dryer.  All lights are on dimmers for atmosphere.  The local neighborhood market is just across the street so no need to drive. The guests will have access to the whole apartment.  No access to the main house upstairs. The owners are retired so they will be available to the guests to answer any questions. The Phinney Ridge neighborhood is one of the top neighborhoods in Seattle.  With bungalow type homes and friendly people.  The Woodland Park Zoo is just several blocks down the road and Greenlake, perfect for walking around, is just to thYou will experience a newly renovated, modern apartment that is the lower level of a classic house complete with granite counter-tops and exterior entrance, fully locked-off from the rest of the house. Bed-room w/ queen bed + queen hide-a-bed couch. Modern, newly renovated lower-level apartment with massive living/dining/kitchen space containing a couch (a hide-a-bed) and dining table. There is one bed room which has a queen-size bed, and the second bed is the new hide-a-bed couch in the living room. The bathroom has a new, stand-up shower. - Exterior door dedicated to the apartment. - Full exterior, including front and side patios - High-speed internet - Refrigerator, wine fridge and microwave - High-speed internet and Roku for Hulu and Netflix We would be happy to greet you when you arrive, provide recommendations on things to do around Seattle and great places to eat.  If you prefer the other end of the spectrum, you can obtain the key, enjoy the apartment and depart without ever seSunny in seattle is possible, this space has high ceilings and views of Greenlake and the cascades.  In between two bus lines - be downtown in 15 min! Or just hang out in our hood(s) Phinney Ridge, Greenwood and Greenlake are all a 5-15 min walk. Open floor plan in upper unit of duplex. Couch folds out to a double bed.  Decent size kitchen and a huge bathroom with washer and dryer. Deck space overlooking yard. lake and mountains. Owners live in lower unit with kids - if you need anything or forgot anything, we live to help. But we also know that people like their privacy. How much we interact with you, is up to you. Walk to restaurants, pubs, groceries, libraries, theaters and the lake.  There are two bus routes close by. The 5 (meanders through Fremont to downtown) and the E Line (which zips downtown). LGBT friendly space - No judgement household. Owner has cat, chickens and black lab. When booking with Airbnb we will want 3-4 verifications. One of them must be an offline ID verificatThis is a cozy, quiet private room in a large house located in one of Seattle's most desirable neighborhoods.  This room has a full size bed and shares a single full bath with one other private room. This private room shares access to a full kitchen, living room w/fireplace, dining room and two outdoor decks with one other private room.  From time to time there may be other guests here. Guests have access to the entire main floor of the house where the two Private Bedrooms are located (this listing is for one of them).  Other guests may also be present from time to time in the other private room.  The front door has a keyless lock system.  When you book I will give you the code so that you can come and go as you wish.  When you leave, pull the door closed and press the lock button until you hear it engage with no flashing red light.  Thank you! I live in the lower level of the house where I have my own living quarters/bathroom.  I do use the kitchen upstairs, but most of the time I am Fun, cozy, mid-century modern apartment in a hip, vibrant neighborhood on direct bus line to city center. Comfy queen size bed, large flat screen TV with Blue -Ray player (has Netflix & Hulu plus), i-pod dock, I-Mac, wi-fi, full kitchen. There are lots of great bars & restaurants just up the street, but it's still a really quiet neighborhood with plenty of street parking available. As long as we don't have someone checking in or out on the same day we can be flexible with arrival and departure times.Basic room with a bed, table and closet.  It is possible to add temp airbed for additional guest. Quiet neighborhood  Unlimited street parking  bus to downtown (15 mins)  bicycle line leading to bicycle trail  hour+ from airport by public transport Separate bathroom downstairs potentially shared with other airbnb guests.  Kitchen upstairs shared w host. Guests are free to use upstairs kitchen and living room during regular hours. I am gone most of the weekdays, but available via text or emailLovely home on Phinney Ridge just a few blocks from the Zoo and Greenlake, a short walk to many of the city's most hip restaurants, bars and shops and just one block to bus route 5 to Downtown, or head to the University of Washington.i Our home is in the Craftsman style, built in 1911 and lovingly preserved. It has the original high ceilings, architectural detail and hardwood floors, yet it has been tastefully updated. You may use the entire main portion of the house, the back porch deck and the front porch areas. We are available at all times by text or phone and would love to help you navigate around the neighborhood or city, recommend restaurants, shopping, points of interest or day hikes, or just how to get from point A to B as efficiently as possible. Phinney Ridge is a lovely, turn-of-the-century neighborhood located high on a hillside between Woodland Park Zoo and Greenlake.  Many restaurants, markets, shops, etc are within an easy walking distance of our home (Starbucks just thSpacious fully furnished day-lit apt. in quiet neighborhood Complementary foods & drinks Kids: proofing/toys/high chair/bed railings & yard 20 min bus to Downtown Near trendy restaurants/bakeries/breweries & farmers markets Free parking/laundry& WiFi Newly remodeled day-light basement apartment. Large kitchen/living space area. Large bedroom with memory-foam queen-size bed. Second room is office space, with a queen-size foam-mattress sofa bed. Both bedrooms open-up to each other with no door in between. We can also provide a full-size floor mattress on demand. Guests are welcome to use the free shared washer/drier/iron/iron board/ detergents kids utilities put at guests' disposal as well as using the backyard. We are upstairs. Knock or call if u need any help! We live on the lower slopes of Phinney Ridge, on the edge of Ballard. Technically our house is in the Phinney Ridge neighborhood, but our street has more of a Ballard "feel". Straddling both neighborhoods, we are walking distanceSpacious (3000 sq ft) custom view home in desirable, family-friendly Phinney Ridge residential neighborhood is perfect for family gatherings and small events. Soaring Ceilings and Open Spaces! Located in one of the most family-friendly, desirable neighborhoods, within easy walking distance to shops, restaurants, bars, cafes, Woodland Park Zoo and Greenlake Park. WELCOME to 2B Or Not 2B house! We are situated in a quiet, family residential area, in one of the most popular neighborhoods in Seattle. This custom home was built in 2000, with the finest building materials and construction. The gleaming cherry and granite floors, combined with vaulted ceilings an elegant, and surprisingly warm, organic atmosphere. The main floor family room has a sweeping view of nearby Greenlake, against a backdrop of the Cascade mountain range. BOOKING NOTES Quotes generated through the website will automatically include the Main House and Guest Suite, which sleeps a maximum of 16 (7+ Bedrooms and 4 BathrooImmaculate 2 bedroom, 1.5 bath home, 2 blocks walking distance to Green Lake and Woodland Park. 2 blocks to 2 major bus lines to downtown (10mins), 10 minutes from Puget Sound Beaches, 5-10 minutes walk from shops, restaurants and grocery store. This is an immaculately maintained 1700 square foot private home with 2 of the 3 bedrooms and 1.5 bathrooms available to guests (owner's bedroom and bathroom are not available to guests). The home is equipped with modern appliances, laundry room and ample storage space. Back yard has a patio area with a dining table for 4 and 2 chaise lounges.  There is a front covered porch with seating for 4. Home is accessible through either the front door or the back sliding glass doors that lead into the kitchen. Owners are available to guests by cell phone or email. Seattle is a city of neighborhoods and our home is in the Phinney Ridge neighborhood. Phinney Ridge was voted #9 most popular neighborhood in a 2015 survey of multiple neighborhoods in 20 U.S.This 1700+ sq foot home is ideally located in the Phinney Ridge neighborhood, giving it a Walk Score of 71 out of 100. Leave your car behind while you explore different parks, restaurants and stores. You will not be bored! Guests will have access to one furnished bedroom upstairs with closet and drawer space, the basement which is converted into a bedroom, full use of the kitchen, dining room and living room with a wood burning fireplace. I will interact with guests as little or as much as desired. The keys will be left for you and I am available to offer suggestions of where to go and what to do during your stay. Parking is available in the driveway and along the street. Good transit bus lines are available with the major lines just .2 miles away. Highway 99 offers a direct shot to and from the airport. Sea-Tac International airport is located about 20 miles away. Easy bus and bike commute 1 block away.  Walk to Restaurants, Cafes, Bars in a local friendly Seattle Ballard Lower Phinney Central neighborhood.  Live with a variety of young professional Seattlites with everything you need & community garden. Fun friendly convenient place to live in the ballard/lower phinney neighborhood. Walking distance to bars, Goodwill, Greenlake, starbucks, busline, etc. The bedroom is on the main level of a huge 3 story house with over 1500 sq ft of common area. This room is fully furnished & decorated which includes full size bed, vanity, dresser, desk, chair, couch, flatscreen smart tv & more. It has wood floors, plenty of natural light, and overhead lighting. The rate is all inclusive. The quiet, residential neighborhood is convenient to major bus routes and has plenty of free parking & driveway parking. We're two blocks from the restaurants, bars and shops on 65th, Fremont and 10 mins. from downtown. Gas/water/elec/cable/wireless high-speed internet are allLooking for a quiet place to stay while you do whatever it is you do around Seattle? There is so much more to Seattle then the typical City Center visit allows. Use my place as a home base and see what is out there. This is a 2 bedroom condo with your own private room, however the kitchen, bath, and living room are a shared space. It is a top floor unit with no elevator access. Get those Fitbits ready and walk up three flights of stairs. This room is prefect for one person! It is about 20ftx20ft. Nothing fancy, but there is a dresser and a closest if you need the space for clothes.  The bed is a full mattress with organic bamboo sheets. Two people can fit on the bed. Remember it is a full so you will be snug. If needed a third person may use the couch. However, I prefer to only host 1-2 guests. Depending on the situation and my work schedule I don't mind having more if needed. Check in can be tricky and is dependent on my schedule. If you are booking and have to check in at a specific A beautiful separate apartment with views of the Ballard Locks and the Olympic Mountains.  Phinney Ridge is just steps from the Woodland Park Zoo and the best food in North Seattle. Pool table, Washer/Dryer, View Deck, Grape Arbor. The space is a mother-in-law apartment converted into a library and game room in a restored craftsman house in Phinney Ridge.  We live upstairs in the main part of the house.  In the apartment we have a beautiful pool table, wine collection, fire place, and home theater in this space.   Note: At times you can hear foot steps from above as we live above the apartment in the main house.  We are usually up around 7am on weekdays and 8am on weekends. The MIL is separate with full bath, washer / dryer, kitchen, bedroom, and living room.  We also have some very nice outside spaces (grape arbor for eating outside, garage top deck with amazing views of the Ballard Locks, Olympic Mountains, and the Puget Sound. I'm a Husband and Dad of two girls and a local pub ownerModern 1 BR apt in 2014 green home. Peaceful 'nabe. Walk to dining, cafes, shops, Zoo. Enjoy a garden view from your double bed, eat-in kitchenette for 4 & spacious game rm/TV lounge. 15 min drive to Pike Place or UW. Close to RapidRide & bike path. ECO PIED A TERRE is in a Brand New 2014 Home:  - Self Contained, private unit (separate entry) - Dedicated off street parking (1+ spots) in driveway and plenty of street parking - New & modern furnishings - Kitchenette with mini fridge, wet bar sink, coffee maker, microwave oven & settings for 4.  Table & bench & chairs (seats 4 comfortably). Perfect for a quick breakfast or reheating your take out items.  - New memory foam double mattress & pillows (sleeps 2) in garden view 1 bedroom, with large closet & large windows (with blinds) on 2 sides. - 2 new, space age & comfy recliners fold out into 2 single beds, which can be made into one king bed upon request (sleeps 2). - L shaped Natuzzi sofa and 2 recliners in lounge area with HD 1080p TV Tucked away 1 block from fabulous Greenlake, this small private house with a yard has the perfect location. It's close to restaurants, pubs, shops, grocery. Close to major bus routes to UW campus, Capital Hill, Seattle Center, and downtown. Just one short block from beautiful Green Lake, this small private house has the perfect location. It is situated by the lake, just steps away from popular locally owned shops, pubs, coffee shops and restaurants. You'll find that you have easy access to several trendy neighborhoods, such as Ballard, Fremont, Greenlake and Phinney Ridge. The E-Line bus stop is just down the street, so you can get downtown (Space Needle, Pike Place Market, etc.) without parking hassles. If you have a car, downtown is about 7 minutes away. The cottage itself is private, (a stand alone house) with a private parking spot in the alley behind.  It is perfect for a couple or a couple with kids, as there is a small nook with a second bed.  I have also hosted bigger groups anThis historic home is perfect for a small family or small group, with all the amenities of home plus terrific walking access to all that the Phinney Ridge and Greenwood neighborhoods have to offer, and easy proximity by car or bus to Seattle! This adorable, beautifully-decorated 1925 Bungalow sits perched above the residential street below, offering territorial views of the surrounding neighborhood and a cozy privacy amidst the trees and foliage. As a classic Seattle Craftsman, this historic home is perfect for a small family or small group, with all the amenities of home plus terrific walking access to all that the Phinney Ridge and Greenwood neighborhoods have to offer, and easy proximity by car or bus to the rest of beautiful Seattle! This two bedroom, one bath home has just been redecorated to match and enhance all the sparkling character of the home and the classic Craftsman floor plan. The living room provides a stylish and welcoming space for socializing. The lovely kitchen and You can't get a better location in Seattle! Close to parks, restaurants and the zoo.  Private entrance into a bright and spacious downstairs bedroom and a private bath.  Dog & family friendly, you'll have access to a shared kitchen and living room.  You'll have your own entrance to this large and well lit room in the lower level of our home. You'll also have access to your own small bathroom with a shower. The bathroom is down the hallway from your room, through part of our garage. There is a very comfortable queen sized bed, and the room also has a fold-out futon couch to accommodate more guests if needed.  And, there is a pack-n-play for anyone traveling with small children. You will have access to the main upstairs part of the house as well, which you will share with myself, my husband, our toddler, and our very friendly dog, Blue. We have a roomy kitchen and a large living room.  We like to keep our place clean, but living with a toddler means that it can be somewhat cluttered.   OThis is a private townhouse in Phinney Ridge with two bedrooms and an office that can convert into a bedroom. This is a perfect location next to Green Lake and the Zoo with many activities around. This is the version of my listing with the full house This townhouse is very modern and comfortable with all entertainments that our guests will want. It has more than 1,400 sq feet with two bedrooms with their own bathrooms and another room that can be used as an office or as a third bedroom. The most amazing part of the house is the living room and the kitchen. People love it when they enter the house for the first time. Guests will have access to everything but the garage has personal items. However there is enough space in the garage for our guests to use and store what they want. I will be in the city most of the time so I will be close to you if you have any question. This is a great location to really enjoy what Seattle offers the best as this is between Phinney Ridge, Green Lake, FremThis is a cozy, quiet private room in a large house located in one of Seattle's most desirable neighborhoods.  This room has a full size bed and shares a single full bath with one other private room. This private room shares access to a full kitchen, living room w/fireplace, dining room and two outdoor decks with one other private room.  From time to time there may be other guests here. Guests have access to the entire main floor of the house where the two Private Bedrooms are located (this listing is for one of them).  Other guests may also be present from time to time in the other private room.  The front door has a keyless lock system.  When you book I will give you the code so that you can come and go as you wish.  When you leave, pull the door closed and press the lock button until you hear it engage with no flashing red light.  Thank you! I live in the lower level of the house where I have my own living quarters/bathroom.  I do use the kitchen upstairs, but most of the time I am Top-floor luxury accommodation including king bed, large jetted tub, separate shower, free wi-fi, flat-screen TV, coffee maker and robes in room. Also includes full breakfast, as we are a licensed, inspected, and approved bed and breakfast.This is a private townhouse in Phinney Ridge with two bedrooms and an office that can convert into a bedroom. I am sharing one of the bedrooms. This is a perfect location next to Green Lake and the Zoo with many restaurants, bars and grocery stores nearby. This townhouse is very modern and comfortable with all entertainments that our guests will want. It has more than 1,400 sq feet with two bedrooms with their own bathrooms and another room that can be used as an office or as a third bedroom. The most amazing part of the house is the living room and the kitchen. People love it when they enter the house for the first time. Guests will have access to everything but the garage has personal items. However there is enough space in the garage for our guests to use and store what they want. I will be present in the house and make sure that everything is going well for my guests. This is a great location to really enjoy what Seattle offers the best as this is between Phinney Ridge, Green Lake,Bedroom available in a shared house.  Classic Seattle Craftsman in a prime location on Phinney Ridge, one of the most desirable, family friendly, in-city neighborhoods.  This home has been meticulously restored for modern function with high-end period finishes and beautifully furnished. Sleeping You won't want to go home after sleeping on mattresses topped with down featherbeds, high thread count cotton sheets, down comforters in duvet covers, and down pillows. -main floor bedroom (queen size) -upstairs guest room (queen size) -upstairs master (king size bed & 40" Smart TV) -family room (Restoration Hardware leather Maxwell queen size sofa sleeper) Baths Hexagon floor tile, subway shower tile, slab Calcutta Marble counters, Kohler fixtures, Restoration Hardware mirrors.  Enjoy plush Ralph Lauren towels. -main floor (full bath) -upstairs (full bath) Family Room/Living Room/Dining Room Enjoy an open floor plan with hardwood floors, original windows, woodwork and fireplace. -55" Smart TV -gas log fireplace -2 separate seatingRight atop Phinney Ridge! One of the best locations in Seattle. Walk a few blocks to parks, restaurants and the zoo. Spacious and sunny house that's comfy and well lived-in. Dog & children friendly. Enjoy Seattle from this family home! Our house is a well-lived in family home. It is not a luxury house, but is very comfortable and clean. It is roomy with a nice open floor plan. There is one bedroom on the first floor that has a very comfy queen-sized bed. There is a second bedroom upstairs, but it only has a toddler bed in it. We can put an air mattress in there if needed.  The downstairs has an additional large and bright bedroom with a queen-sized bed and it's own private bathroom with a shower. The kitchen is nice and large. It has not been updated with fancy appliances but has worked well for us. It has a small dishwasher that hooks up to the sink.  We have a toddler and so it is quite child proofed and ready for kids to come and play. Our backyard has been transformed into a playgrYour own private cottage right in the city!  Come and enjoy our newly remodeled cottage in the heart of Phinney Ridge! NOTE: We scheduled the photo shoot before window blinds were installed - the blinds are in now, so rest easy, it's very private! Our cottage is nestled behind the main house, and very private.  The interior was recently remodeled, including new kitchenette, floors, bathroom, and a fresh coat of paint. ADDITIONAL NOTE: The cottage is in our backyard patio directly adjacent to our main house, and the patio is a shared area.  We are more than happy to share the area with you, just want you to know! In the interest of full disclosure, please know that we do have one small pet - a yorkie mix who may greet you will a few enthusiastic barks that you might hear from the main house.   She settles down pretty quickly after her initial greeting!  The cottage has a separate bedroom area (there is no door but it's definitely a separate space) with queen bed, and the main living areEasily walk to nearby shops and restaurants from this beautiful bungalow that features hardwood floors, a remodeled kitchen, and tons of natural light! Views of the Olympic mountain range are breathtaking. The Phinney Ridge Crafstman is a classic Seattle home packed with character and beautiful new finishes for your aesthetic enjoyment! Enjoy hardwood floors and plenty of natural light in this immaculately decorated turn-of-the-century gem. The spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom layout will accommodate up to 8 guests with ease. Discover unique construction and design touches everywhere you turn, as well as a fully remodeled kitchen with beautiful Shaker style cabinets and a subway tile backsplash. Custom built-in shelving is tucked into nearly every room as well. There is plenty of room to entertain up to 8 inside and out with the large front deck, back patio and lovely formal dining room. Watch the sun set over the Olympics as you sip a glass of wine and take in the beauty of the Pacific         We own a charming 1919 craftsman house that is in one of Seattle's most desirable neighborhoods. Location, location, location! Everything you want and need within walking distance. House and neighborhood can't be beat!    The house is sweet and has all the basic amenities which you would need to enjoy your stay. The house has two small bedrooms, one functions as the main bedroom, the other as an office/extra bedroom with a full sized bed. There are expected quirks to the house due to it's age - i.e. some creaky wood floors, some windows which don't open, and a small (yet fully functional) kitchen. The house boasts an amazing front porch and a back patio perfect for summer BBQ'ing and lounging. The living room is great for getting snugly around the gas fireplace and watching a movie. Bathroom has it's original claw foot tub with built-in shower. This house rental would be best suited for people who love the city and all it has to offer and want a sacred and cozy landing spot. WeOur newly renovated daylight-basement has 7.5-ft ceilings, heated bamboo floors, & gourmet kitchen. One-bedroom, full bath, bright living & dining room. Private entry. Access to large backyard and beautiful outdoor patio with fireplace & hammock. My wife and I live in the house upstairs but both work full time. We are available to help anytime but are also happy to give you privacy. Phinney Ridge neighborhood is well connected with public transportation. There is a bus stop three blocks from our house. From there, you can take a direct express bus (#5) which will take you to downtown Seattle in less than 15 minutes. This express bus also connects with other bus lines going to University of Washington, and other Seattle neighborhoods.  We have a cat. She is good humored, but rather shy so she will probably stay away and you might not ever see her during your stay. We usually keep her out of the basement apartment, but she has been to the basement a few times. If you have cat allergies, December nightly rates lowered to 10-15% off! Fabulous in-city flat. Professionally designed and decorated with high-end finishes. Nestled between Woodland Park Zoo and Green Lake, the flat is centrally located with easy access to downtown Seattle. Open and spacious with high ceilings and lots of natural light. Living room and kitchen open to private garden and patio-perfect for dining outdoors. All new modern furnishings and decor with an eye for detail.  Both bedrooms have comfortable queen beds and the living room has a Rowe queen sleeper sofa with auto inflate/deflate feature. The kitchen has beautiful tile counter tops, stainless steel appliances and a Viking range/oven. -Private Entrance -Wireless Internet -HDTV with Cable -Local Phone Service  -Washer & Dryer -Private Garden & yard -Free street parking -Fully stocked kitchen You will be given instruction on unit access and address upon booking. We are available via phone, email, text 24/7. -Fully stocked kitchen -Private garden Ideal location close to shops, coffee shops, restaurants and more! Just 10 blocks to the Woodland Park Zoo and one block from a major busline.  Convenient to Greenlake and downtown Seattle. Welcome to Phinney Ridge, one of Seattle's most popular neighborhoods!  This clean, one bedroom, attached dwelling apartment can accommodate up to four people with a Tempur-pedic queen bed in the bedroom and an uncommonly comfortable American Leather Sofa Sleeper in the living room.  Off street, designated parking and private entrance.  Level entry, not a single step or stair to navigate.  Shared laundry room with a Washer and Dryer. Depending on availability, the upper apartment in this house, the Phinney Suites Retreat sleeps 6 and can be combined with this property to accommodate groups of 10 who wish to rent the entire house. You will love exploring the Phinney Ridge neighborhood and living like a Seattlelite for your stay.  All the necessities and comforts of home- expanded cable with HBO, locaBooking notes; There is a 3 night minimum on weekends. A unique space located in the quiet residential Phinney Ridge neighborhood in Seattle's north end. Restaurants, Greenlake Park, shopping, restaurants, bars, transportation and the zoo are within a few blocks. If you are new to AirBnb, it is helpful to know that bringing hosts and guests together can bring an element of adventure to travel. Like many of the most popular and desirable neighborhoods in Seattle, Phinney Ridge does not have hotels or traditional B&Bs nearby.  Staying in an AirBnb space offers an affordable and unique experience of what it is like to live in Seattle that really isn't otherwise available. This space has some unique characteristics--please read the bedroom descriptions, below.  I have just completed my first year as an  AirBnb host, and have enjoyed sharing my home and neighborhood with visitors.  This space is located in a large family home in the very popular, family oriented residential neighborhood knoFrom the blooming edible garden to the mountain-view back deck, welcome to my ridge-top home. Private bed and bath, spacious shared living. Stretch on a yoga mat, enjoy a quiet cup of tea. Two blocks to cafes and transit, ten minutes to Space Needle. My home is on a quiet street of single-family homes with great neighbors and free street parking. My suite is on the second floor, but we share the kitchen and living area. The house sits back from the street, with a dozen steps up to the yard and two steps into the home. Your room is on the main floor with no more steps. The back deck looks across neighboring back yards to sunsets, a sliver of Elliott Bay, and the snow-capped Olympic Mountains. Guests may enjoy the entire main floor of the house, including the large kitchen, living and dining areas, a spacious and private back deck with mountain views, and a yard with gardens. Enjoy the clucking of the neighbor's chickens. You may even get a very fresh egg or just-picked fruit for breakfaOne bedroom daylight basement is part of Villa Maria, a historic former Catholic maternity home on the top of Phinney Ridge, one of the most desirable neighborhoods in Seattle. The apartment is open concept with cork flooring, a huge open kitchen, a bright window-lined living area, one cozy bedroom with french doors, a tiled bathroom and shower, and a large covered patio with hammock that overlooks a 25', x 100' green-space separating Villa Maria from the closest neighbors. The apartment is full of all original works from local artists and photographers.  The sofa opens into a full size bed for two. There is also a small sleeping nook (36"x68") in the bedroom that can be used for a child or small adult :) Due to noise and safety issues we won't be able to host babies or very toddlers. Sorry :/ Here is some more info on the home.  search for Villa Maria Brian Naubert Flickr This is my first time hosting. I'm brand new to this but I will do my best to make sure you have the best experien830 sf, comprise this beautiful apartment. Private, fenced entrance, allows you totally autonomy, to do as you wish on your visit. Full kitchen, laundry room, wifi and cable flat screen T.V. is provided.The home owners live above the apartment. The ceilings are lower than regular, however the height is generally not an issue, as extends to 6 ft. 5 inches. The apartment easily fits four.    Guests have access to entire apartment, front yard/garden, with all amenities you would have at your own home. The upper portion of house is the owners private residence I will be available, as a general rule, upon your arrival. If not, I will be available, via text, and will respond to any questions you may have as quickly as possible.  Greenlake is a block away, with its many restaurants, as you walk the three miles around the lake.  4 blocks to the West of the house is Phinney Ridge, our local neighborhood, with its many local pubs,(I am English!), eateries and anything else you wish for. WoodlandComfortable private suite includes bedroom, full bathroom and kitchen in a charming Phinney Ridge home.  We are located on a quiet neighborhood street, a few short blocks from the Woodland Park Zoo.  Easy access to public transportation. Our space is perfect for one or two people whether here on business or on vacation. Enjoy a comfortable private suite which includes bedroom, full bathroom and kitchen in a charming Phinney Ridge home.  We are located on a quiet neighborhood street, a few short blocks from the Woodland Park Zoo.  Easy access to public transportation. Phinney Ridge is a north Seattle neighborhood located between Greenlake to the east and Ballard to the west.  It is perhaps best known for the Woodland Park Zoo, just a few blocks walk from our home.  A variety of coffee shops, pubs and restaurants are within easy walking distance. Greenlake is a local treasure where you can stroll around the lake (2.8 miles), enjoying the natural beauty or sit down for some fascinating peAdorable 1+ bedroom cottage in the heart of Phinney Ridge surrounded by lush gardens. Walking distance to Woodland Park Zoo, neighborhood restaurants, shops, and grocery store. Easy bus access to downtown Seattle. Adorable 1+  bedroom single family cottage in the Phinney Ridge neighborhood of Seattle. Enjoy sitting out on the front porch or take in the local sites. The #5 bus picks up 1 block away and will have you downtown in a matter of minutes. Within 5 blocks are some of the best restaurants Seattle has to offer, as well as numerous boutique stores, grocery store, and coffee shops (of course!). If you aren't familiar with the neighborhood, you will not be disappointed to discover it. The Woodland Park Zoo is a manageable 15 block walk or a quick hop on and off the #5 bus.    The home features a queen size bed in one bedroom and an uncommonly comfortable queen size sleeper sofa in the living room.  The upscale sleeper sofa has no bars to wreck a good night's sleep and a very thick fGround floor of a craftsmen duplex in the heart of Phinney Ridge.  Steps from Woodland Park Zoo, cafes, bakeries, bars and stunning views, but on a quiet tree-lined street.  Our home has gardens, a deck, front porch, grill and a wood burning stove. This house was built in 1907 and has many of the unique attributes Seattle craftsmen are known for, including old-growth clear fir floors, big windows, wood molding, front porches and much more.  There is a lot of outdoor space, a fully stocked cook's kitchen, a Norwegian wood stove and other comforts to make you feel right at home no matter the season. The house is divided into two separate legal residences. Mine is the ground floor, and a rental gives access to my entire floor, the basement bedroom and the laundry room in the basement.  You can use the backyard, the back deck, gas grill, table and chairs as well as the front porch, front yard and gardens.  It is a completely separate living space from the upstairs unit. I am happy to help Newly renovated, listed for first time in Nov., 2015. This converted workshop is paneled with birch plywood. The loft-like space has 11-foot ceilings, a kitchenette, queen size bed, cable TV, Wi-Fi, washer and dryer, ceiling fan, and a private deck. This unique space is quiet, private and tucked away off the backyard, next to a lilac tree. We are located at the nexus of four of the north end's most amenity-rich neighborhoods, Wallingford, Fremont, Phinney Ridge, and Green Lake. Enter from a private deck, two steps down into a former workshop, converted into a cozy, comfortable space about the size of an average hotel room. The walls and ceilings are paneled with birch plywood. The steel fasteners are exposed. The floor is painted concrete. A remote-controlled ceiling fan keeps the room comfortable in summer or winter. Heat is provided with an efficient, electric, convection heater. Two pendant shop lights provide the main lighting. There is a floor lamp by the table, and two reading laBeautiful, updated two bedroom-plus-den single family home on east side of Phinney Ridge with a wrap-around deck and views of Greenlake, Cascade Mountains and Mount Rainier. Great family neighborhood.  Queen beds in each bedroom plus futon in den.  Bright open living space in a fabulous, walkable urban neighborhood of Seattle.  Each bedroom has a queen bed and the den has a full-sized futon.  A family of five or six could be comfortable here, especially if the children are young.  The wraparound deck is amazing and a great place for a meal on a sunny day. The whole house and yard with the exception of the basement and garage which the owners will be using for storage.  This includes the open living and dining area, kitchen, den, two bedrooms and two bathrooms. We will not be present during our guests stay but we will be accessible by phone and email, and a local contact will be available to immediately address any problems. This is a fun, family- (and young adult-) friendly neighborhooThis home is fully furnished and available weekly, or month-to-month.  It sleeps up to 8 with 2 Queen beds, two twin beds, and extra inflatable mattresses.   Parking is on-street or off-street (1 small car), and 2 bus stops 3 blocks away.Brand new to our collection, this spacious, top-floor home is conveniently located in the Phinney Ridge neighborhood! With a walkscore of 83, you will find plenty to do right around the corner and downtown Seattle is only a short drive away. Parisian style in Phinney Ridge, just north of downtown Seattle! This colorful, spacious, top-floor home lives well with an open floor plan and airy living area. The great room is full of windows with an extra-long window seat, oversized sectional couch with built-in recliners, and fireplace. Brightly decorated with fun, eclectic pieces offer a French flair in every room, you will love the personal touches throughout the home.  There is plenty of room for a family or group of friends in this newer home. Both bedrooms have their own bathrooms and the large windows bring in plenty of light. Relax in the master suite with a dressing table, walk-in closet, and private bathroom. A large kitchen, breakfast bar, and dining room make it easy to cook and enAdorable 2 bedroom turn of century large duplex apartments in the Green Lake Neighborhood of Seattle. Within one block are some of the best restaurants Seattle has to offer, as well as numerous boutique stores, grocery store, and coffee shops. Adorable two bedroom turn of century large duplex apartments.   This apartment is in the Green Lake Neighborhood of Seattle. Enjoy sitting out on the back porch or take in the local sites. Several bus picks up are available on Greenwood Ave (one block) or Aurora Ave (three blocks) which will have you downtown in a matter of minutes. Within one block are some of the best restaurants Seattle has to offer, as well as numerous boutique stores, grocery store, and coffee shops. The famous Seattle Green Lake park is only two blocks and Woodland Park Zoo is about ten  blocks walk.  This craftsman apartment is on the first floor of this duplex with a queen size bed, twin bunk bed and a full pullout bed from a brand new latter couch. Guests will have accesSweet little home in a great neighborhood where you can walk to restaurants, Green Lake and the Woodland Park Zoo.Great 1 bed/ba apartment in Wallingford, across from Green Lake. Clean apartment with full kitchen.  1 queen bed + 1 air bed. Walk to Tangletown and Wallingford restaurants. Clean and comfy. Full kitchen. This is a great location for restaurants and lake time. There is some street noise, but it is mostly cars and quites down around 11. The street sweeper comes through early and can be a little disquieting in the morning.  Please review house rules and leave the apartment the way you found it, thanks. Wifi code is highlighted on the bottom of the modem. Full Kitchen, bike parking in the basement, and Green Lake! If I cannot meet you to give you the key, One can be left in a 24 hr lockbox at Beth's cafe in greenwood.  Please review house rules. Green Lake!  You can run around it in the morning, swim, paddle, and lounge by it on warm days. Bus line close. Walking distance to Wallingford restaurants. There is onsite coin-op laundry.  This is a loud street, mostly traffic, which quites downEnjoy the largest bedroom in our charming 1900's spacious 3 Bedroom / 1 bath home on Phinney Ridge close to many of Seattle's most hip, fun and family friendly destinations.  Greenlake and the Woodland Park Zoo are within walking distance. Your room is located upstairs, so you have lots of privacy, a queen size bed with a memory foam mattress topper, and a sitting area. Included with your stay is wireless internet, full use of our kitchen, living areas and edible garden. Bathroom is shared with the owners of the house, when and if they are home, and is located on the first floor.  The spacious and cozy living room and dining room are perfect for group gatherings and our fully stocked, bright and airy kitchen is ideal for a BBQ or maybe a wine tasting event on the covered porch.  The fully equipped kitchen includes stove, refrigerator, microwave, 3 ways to make coffee, cuisinart and kitchen-aid mixer.  Washer and dryer in the basement. We choose to live green and have an edible garden aFriendly, walking neighborhood with many restaurants and bars nearby. Close to bus line, easy downtown access. Sun room in front, and private back yard area for all-weather relaxation. Entire home and outdoor space House is available when I work out of town, the next door neighbor is managing and is super flexible Street parking, shared driveway Close to Metro 28 and D-LineCome stay in a beautiful, bright and big house! We are located near all the great amenities of Green Lake, Ballard and Fremont and a short bus ride to downtown. Our house and deck offer panoramic views of the Olympic mountain range and Puget Sound. Your private retreat on Phinney Ridge is light filled and spacious. It has a private entrance and a private bath with a shower. You will have a comfortable queen sized bed, two dressers and a great chair for reading.  This ground floor room is two stories below our bedrooms for added privacy. You'll have this floor all to yourself. The bedroom is comfortably large measuring 15 by 17 feet.  You can enjoy our entire main floor. The kitchen is well equipped to cook a delicious feast while looking out at the Olympic mountains. The view continues into the nicely furnished dining room, a perfect spot for a relaxing morning with a cup of coffee. You will have access to our kitchen, dining room, living room, laundry room, and awesome deck. We're verBeautiful master suite with full bathroom including jetted tub and your own personal sauna. Separate entrance + media room with TV an Nintendo Wii. Microwave and mini fridge for your convenience. Walk to coffee shops, bars and restaurants galore!Our mother-in-law suite is located perfectly for you to enjoy all that Seattle has to offer! It comfortably fits a family or couples traveling together. It's located just a few blocks from Green Lake or all the shops and restaurants in Wallingford! Hello! My husband and I are happy to host you in our beautiful Green Lake home. We have a spacious private entrance, private suite equipped with a very comfortable queen sized bed. Included in your space are a private den, kitchen, and bathroom. The suite is located in the downstairs of our home. The room has a futon sofa which can sleep additional guests. It would allow for 1 person comfortably, but possibly 2 small adults or 2 children. We also have a high quality, large queen air mattress available, should you need additional sleeping space. The den features a queen-sized pull-out sofa bed, which can sleep 2 adults comfortably. Because the den and bedroom are separated by a door, this space could work well for two couples traveling togethOur 1900's charming and spacious 3 Bedroom / 1 bath home is located in the heart of Phinney Ridge close to many of Seattle's most hip, fun and family friendly destinations.  Greenlake and the Woodland Park Zoo are a only a 10 minute walk away.   Come stay at Kermit's Puzzle! Kermit's Puzzle because of the bright green color and majestic monkey puzzle tree in the front yard.   Our 1900's era green house is a charming and spacious 3 Bedroom / 1 bath home located in the heart of Phinney Ridge a half block to many of Seattle's most hip, fun and family friendly destinations.  Greenlake and the Woodland Park Zoo are a only a 10 minute walk away.  This private home offers 2 bedrooms on the main floor (1 queen & 1 full bed) and a spacious bedroom and living area on the 2nd floor with a queen bed and twin folding foam mattress.  The bathroom is shared between the first floor bedrooms featuring bath, shower and lots of storage. Our place is ideal for families and groups of friends.  The spaciousMy cool and comfortable home is located in Ballard, a top destination neighborhood in Seattle.  The room is located on the top floor of my 3 story house and paired with a guest bathroom.  I also host another room here, so social travelers are recommended! Your room will be located on the 3rd floor in a 3 story modern furnished home. A queen size bed with 1000 thread count sheets will be provided for a comfortable stay. The room is cooled with a split air unit above the bed (and you can control your own temperature). A spacious full bathroom with shower is available next to your room. I have included TV, Cable, and Wifi to keep you entertained as well. You will have access to the 2nd floor which includes a living room, balcony (with scenic views of the neighborhoods and mountains), dining room, kitchen, and laundry room. The living room contains a 47" flat panel lcd TV with Samsung entertainment speakers. It is Amazon Prime, Netflix, and Vudu ready if you choose to stay in and watch movYou're welcomed by a mammoth, native to the area Monkey Puzzle Tree in front of this fabulous restored 1920's Craftsman located in Seattle's hip Phinney Ridge Neighborhood. Live like a local and enjoy being able to walk to most anything. Beautiful 1920's Craftsman with fenced yard, mammoth Monkey Puzzle Tree and off street parking for up to 3 vehicles. Located in Phinney Ridge neighborhood and close to Ballard, Fremont, Greenlake and a short drive or bus ride to downtown Seattle. 40 Inch flat screen HD TV, Wi-Fi with high speed Internet, cable with HBO, restored kitchen and bath, fireplace, gas grill, washer and dryer and MORE! Perfect for families with kids and pets are negotiable. The  house and yard are available to you, the garage and a locked basement storage area are not. All questions and inquiries will always be answered promptly. In most cases, within the hour. Located in lower Phinney Ridge, you're just a short walk from Woodland Park Zoo, dining, nightlife, shopping and moreMy home is located 5 blocks from the Woodland Park Zoo, equidistant 1.3 miles from old Ballard and Fremont and very close to 28 and 5 direct bus routes to downtown. Uber is $15 and takes 14 minutes to get to Pike Place Market from my home.Newly renovated, furnished and decorated in summer of 2015. Super-clean, modern suite steps from Woodland Park. Fully furnished, two bedrooms/one bath, private entrance, luxury linens, WiFi, full kitchen, washer/dryer, all the bells and whistles. This cozy, mother-in-law suite is located at the nexus of four of the north end's most amenity-rich neighborhoods, Wallingford, Fremont, Phinney Ridge, and Green Lake. The unit is on the garden level of a classic Seattle Craftsman, and gets an above-average amount of light for a lower unit. It includes a full kitchen, full bath (with tub), and all appliances for a short stay or a long one. The two bedrooms are at opposite ends of the suite, providing privacy and some separation. Both bedrooms are furnished with new queen beds (one has a pillow-top mattresses, the  other memory foam), and have full closets. Hotel-quality sheets and towels are provided. Unit comes with iron and ironing board, fan. The modern, renovated kitchen has full-size appl        This private Bed&Bath is located in a prime location of Phinney Ridge. We are 5 mins from the Woodland Park Zoo, Ballard, or Fremont! Modern Gourmet Kitchen, Media Room, great outdoor patio space to be shared with us, your hosts!              This private Bed & private Bath very comfortably fits 2 people, it's the largest room in our restored 4bedroom 2bathroom 1913 Crafstman house. The bedroom and bathroom is located downstairs  and the owners reside upstairs with their own room and bathroom. Shared spaces include the kitchen, media room, and backyard patio.  New to our family is a Toy Golden Retriever. She will be 30lbs full grown and is sectioned off to the kitchen and not allowed on furniture or any other areas of the house. She is crate trained for nights and goes to work with us during the day. She will have as much interaction with you as you will allow otherwise she is trained not to jump and is a fantastic dog! The room is equipped with a BRAND new Queen size foam mattNatural light floods every room & large trees provide enough shade to keep things comfortable.  The house was built in 2014 so it has plenty of modern amenities. A 10 min drive downtown or 15 min bus ride.  Only  3 blocks from Green Lake. Super energy efficient 4 star built green home. Open plan w/ abundant natural light. Lg great room w/ gas fireplace off big open gourmet kitchen w/ slab granite island & quartz counters. Hardwood thru-out main & stairs. Master suite w/ gas fireplace, jetted tub, walk-in closet, marble counters. Lg private roof terrace w/ views of Greenlake & Cascade mtns & wet bar. Zen outdoor rm, sun deck, space heater and BBQ in the backyard. Family/media rm in daylight basement with 100" movie screen, theater seating and surround sound. Motorized blinds, SONOS and built in speaker system throughout house.  Storage galore. 3 car garages. 2 blocks to lake. Guests will have access to entire house with the exception of some locked cabinets to store the owners personal Private duplex in one of Seattle's most adorable neighborhoods.  Two bedrooms, hardwood floors, washer and dryer, private backyard patio, close to bus lines, shopping, dining, and recreation.Enjoy the Greenlake Neighborhood in Seattle!  Get some coffee, walk around Greenlake, go to the zoo, visit the shops and local restauraunts, shop the local PCC market, take E Line bus downtown, quick drive to connect to I-5, I-90 and I-405 freeways. You'll have your own private entrance and access to our Greenlake Bungalow basement. Large bedroom: Queen size bed Full size futon T.V. DVD player Apple T.V.  Lots of local guide books to use while you stay Small bedroom: Full size bed Bathroom: Large shower Sink Towels to accommodate 6 people Toiletries to use while you stay Kitchenette: Freezer and fridge Basic condiments to use while you stay Microwave Keurig coffee maker Toaster Small counter top oven Electric water kettle Basic dishes and utensils Shared space: large closet single person futon dining table Free wifi and coffee :) When you approach the house, walk down the path to the right of the house and you'll see the 2nd side door after the stairs. (If you come at night, the motion$95/night special April pricing! New solar panels installed produce 100% of electricity for the apt and our house!! Just remodeled with bamboo floors, an artist's attention to detail, and a seasoned traveler's appreciation of comfort, this complete one-bedroom apartment with its own entrance is the perfect home base when visiting Seattle. In the charming, family-friendly Ballard/Phinney neighborhood, you'll be within walking distance of the shops and restaurants of Phinney Ridge, and just a short drive to downtown Ballard, Green Lake, the Woodland Park Zoo, and much more. Also close to two bus lines, walk four short blocks to catch an express bus downtown. The apartment is on the basement level of a classic Ballard  bungalow with a lovely garden out front and a porch you're welcome to use. You'll find: new appliances and all the kitchenware you'll need, fabulous modern tile work in the bathroom, a queen bed, 32-inch HDTV with cable, ipod docking station, wi-fi, washer/dryer, and off-stThis daylight garden apartment has a bedroom with full real bed and lovely built-ins, a cozy living area with fold down couch, small but full kitchen, full bath with claw-foot tub, and light filled garden sitting room with sleeping futon couch. In a family friendly green neighborhood, you can walk a block or two here or there and find independent coffee houses, pubs, restaurants, shops, wine bars etc.  A few blocks walk puts you on the main bus line to downtown attractions such as Pikes' Place Market, the Seattle Center and Space Needle, the Seattle Art Museum, etc. Our neighborhood is relatively quiet. You will hear occasional barking dogs, crows and even a chicken or two. It's a family friendly neighborhood if you are traveling with children--easy to walk in, close to the zoo, playgrounds and family welcoming restaurants.  Our yards are living spaces out of doors, you are welcome to sit and enjoy the garden or play on the playstructure (at your own risk). Please do not smoke inside oLovely, quiet bedroom in a vintage home. Shared bath. Clean, welcoming, fabulous views. 2 bl to the zoo, walk to Ballard, Fremont or to Green Lake. 1 bl to a bus that runs frequently. Great for a single woman or couple. This is a light-filled warm space. If the weather is warm, sit on the deck and take in Puget Sound and The Olympics. You'll have access to the bedroom, both bathrooms, dining room, and with some limitations, the deck and kitchen. I work from home, so I am intermittently available to help you find  your way. I love to share what is unique and perhaps, a little out of the ordinary. I'm also a big foodie, so I'll be sharing my opinions about where to eat and get coffee. This is the fabulous, Phinney Ridge neighborhood, both because of the Craftsman-style homes and the views to the West. There's great coffee a ten-minute walk in every direction. Night life, restaurants, interesting stores are only a few minutes away in Fremont, Wallingford, Ballard or Greenwood. Public tranSweet and cozy Seattle craftsman perfectly situated 3 blocks from Greenlake and restaurants, shops and bars on Phinney Ridge. One bedroom house with queen bed, backyard deck and grill, and spacious kitchen. A charming and comfortable place to stay Security box with key. Access code will be sent via email Parking is available on-street in front of the house. Access to King County Metro Bus #5 and E-Line.Spacious, fully furnished 1 bedroom apartment in walkable Phinney Ridge.  Futon bed with memory foam topper & 1000 thread count sheets, WIFI, fenced yard, & light breakfast included. Freshly baked goods provided on weekend mornings. This is a spacious, fully furnished one bedroom apartment located in a fabulous walking neighborhood.  Rates vary based on season and availability of units in the area. Perfect for getaways and conferences.    This Accessory Dwelling Unit (ADU) is located in the daylight basement of a charming home built in 1922.  Approximately 650 SF.  Private entrance in the back of the house, 4 steps down from the driveway.  Parking is available on the street, but for stays of one week or more, we will provide parking in the driveway (off the street) for you. Breakfast is provided.  The refrigerator will be stocked with  juice, fruit, yogurt, granola, milk, and 1/2 & 1/2 for your coffee,  Keurig coffee pods and a selection of tea bags are also provided.  On Saturday and Wonderful neighborhood close to Woodlawn Park Zoo, Ballard and Fremont. Easy bus connections to downtown and the U of W. Spacious master suite, lots of light. Street parking on quiet street. Fenced back yard.65 days at 2 months rent. 20% off monthly. Location, location, location! Right in the heart of 3 of the most desirable neighborhoods in Seattle. Entire house available. We are always available by phone or e-mail. We are just 2 blocks from Woodlawn Park Zoo.    Walk through Woodlawn Park to get to Greenlake with a 2.8 mile trail surrounding it. Within 1 to 3 blocks of bus stops to get you anywhere in Seattle.1920's brick building located in the Phinney Ridge neighborhood of Seattle.   Walk to Woodland Park Zoo, Green Lake, Fremont, Ballard, & U-district.  25 min. by bus to downtown Seattle! This is a simple, quiet space in a friendly neighborhood with easy access to many of Seattle's neighborhoods.  It is on the second floor with plenty of fresh air from its rustic windows ;- )  I do have an extra space heater if need be.  You will have the private bedroom & I will sleep in the shared living room space. Guests will have the bedroom with access to the kitchen, bathroom, & living room.   Originally from Minnesota, I moved to Seattle about 5 years ago.  I love meeting new folks, exploring the pacific northwest and sharing my favorite local attractions.  I'm a barista and will be at work early in the mornings.  Walk on down for a latte and freshly baked croissant! Phinney Ridge has fantastic views of the Olympic & Cascade mountains!  A short walk to many parks, grocery store, cafes, pubs, & coCharming studio located on the top of Phinney Ridge! 10 Minuite walk to to Greenlake and Woodland Park Zoo.  Mainline bus steps away will take you directly to Downtown Seattle, Stadiums.  Close to UW, Fred Hutchinson, waterfront and Pike Place Market Beautiful studio in the heart of Phinney Ridge with a pillow-top King Bed!  Grocery store directly across street, with multiple restaurants/bars, Zoo, and Greenlake very close. -540 Thread Count Sheets -Memory foam pillows -Stearns and Foster Catalina Pillow Top King Mattress. You have access to the entire studio which includes shower, bathroom, kitchenette, bed, dining table, ECT. You will likely never see me unless needed. Located directly in the heart of Phinney Ridge there are plenty of restaurants, bars, and shops steps outside your door. The rest of Seattle is very close by; -Downtown Seattle ~ 10-15 min -Stadiums ~ 15 min -Greenlake ~ 3-5 min -Pike Place Market ~ 13 min -Ballard ~ 8 min -Fremont ~ 6 min -Seattle Cancer Care AllianceBrand new Mother in Law apartment in East Ballard/ Lower Phinney Ridge.   Located ½ block from the bus stop (#28) that will take you directly to the heart of Fremont and downtown.  Ballard restaurants and shopping areas are about a 10-15 minute walk, Phinney Ridge shopping and dining are 5 minute walk away. - 5 miles to Pike Place market and the heart of downtown - 2.5 miles to University of Washington - 10 blocks from the Burke Gilman Trail (a 17 mile paved trail that runs from Golden Gardens Beach Park to Kenmore) for running/walking/biking - 2 miles to Golden Gardens Park - 2 miles to The Locks (passage for boats from Lake Washington to the Puget Sound). Also has a working Salmon Fish Ladder that can be viewed from below water level. Walk to tons of cafes, bars, restaurants, Woodland Park Zoo, Greenlake, Downtown Ballard and much more.  1/2 block off bus line that takes you thru Fremont, South Lake Union, Seattle Center, Downtown and into area of stadiums.   Newly finished private aThis open-floorplan private suite in a well-kept 1912 home has an enormous bathroom and washer/dryer. The combination of a nearby bus stop, convenient store, street parking, bars, restaurants and retail so close by makes for a great location. Completely private in-home living space, but also includes a large deck and grill access. Though a basement space, the high foundation and abundance of windows keeps the rooms full of light and pleasantly cool in the summer. • Free Wi-Fi • (2) bicycles available for use • Full-size washer and dryer • Large private bathroom • Abundance of street parking • TV and DVD player • iPod docking speaker/charger • Mini fridge • Kettle and Coffee & Tea • Large deck and gas grill I'm willing to give advice and suggestions for the area, but am more than happy to give all the privacy your want. I've lived in this neighborhood for seven years and absolutely love it! There's a convenience store across the street, as well as a bus stop. There are five bars within Enjoy this private bedroom in an intimate condo building (7 units). You'll have full access to the kitchen, living and dining rooms, bathroom, and our secluded back yard with a fire pit. Easy access to Green Lake, shops/dining, and direct bus to downtown Seattle (1 block away). Full access to kitchen, dining and living rooms, and shared bathroom. I'm very open to getting to know my guests, but privacy is always respected if that's your desire. In the middle of everything! Beautiful Green Lake is a short walk away. A large selection of restaurants and bars are also in close proximity. The room is in the back of the building on the top floor, so street and neighbor noise is minimal. The bus stop (which runs directly downtown) is right around the corner. Bus stop right around the corner from our building.Quiet studio in the heart of Phinney; just steps from the zoo, coffee shops, bars, restaurants, Green Lake and Seattle Metro. Walk to great neighborhoods like Ballard and Fremont. Keypad entry means more time to explore. We only meet if you'd like to say hello!This lower level, immaculate and private apt within a newly constructed Phinney Ridge home is perfectly located in a quaint and quiet neighborhood close to downtown, beaches, parks, shopping and restaurants- a perfect home base for exploring Seattle! Upon arriving, you will be treated to a sweeping view of the Olympic Mountains to the west. The immaculate apartment is  located in the lower level of our newly constructed home and all finish materials are top of the line. In addition to one bedroom and one full bath, there is a great room with comfortable seating, a 42 inch plasma tv with HBO, TiVo and DVD players and surround sound, a small kitchen with granite counters, stainless fridge, Keurig coffee maker, induction burner, microwave, oven and a dining table. Guests enter the apartment through a  private entry house via the garage. This space is perfect for a couple.  We can also accommodate one child on an air mattress in the great room. We have a portable crib and a host of childreExperience Seattle like a local in this Ballard neighborhood home with access to downtown via bus, car, bike, or cab (Uber & Lyft).  Situated close to Fremont, Phinney Ridge, Greenwood,  and the Woodland Park Zoo, you'll truly feel like a Seattleite! Your room will be located on the 1st floor in a 3 story modern furnished home.  This room is separated by the entire house giving you more privacy.  A full size bed with 1000 thread count sheets will be provided for a comfortable stay.  A spacious full bathroom with shower and sink is connected to the room.  I have included TV, Cable, and Wifi to keep you entertained as well. You will have access to the 2nd floor which includes a living room, balcony (with scenic views of the neighborhoods and mountains), dining room, kitchen, and laundry room.  The living room contains a 47" flat panel lcd TV with Samsung entertainment speakers.  It is Amazon Prime, Netflix, and Vudu ready if you choose to stay in and watch movies.  Xfinity Comcast TV chaWelcome! We are wonderfully situated on a hilltop overlooking the Olympic and Cascade mountains, Lake Washington and downtown Seattle. Cozy home with river rock fireplace and conveniently located near Husky Stadium, downtown, walking trails and more! Guests will enjoy a spacious first floor living space with a 3/4 bath and kitchenette available in a beautiful, safe neighborhood. Two large bedrooms sleep 4 comfortably (one queen, one full). We also have two twin mattresses that we can set up in the living room for up to 6 people. You have your own private entrance through our recently updated rain garden. Amenities include gas fireplace, 50'' plasma TV, beds with new mattresses, double pane windows, and ample storage space. Kitchenette includes microwave, electromagnetic burner, counter-top oven, toaster, French press and under-counter refrigerator. Guests have access to the whole first floor of the home via private entrance along the side of the house. It's up to you! We live on the seA quiet, eco-friendly get away for yourself, your family or your friends.  This spacious 1150 sq ft. MIL is all new 85% green construction, contemporary, cozy, and convenient to NE Seattle, University of Washington, Children's Hospital and Downtown.  • Large kitchen/Great Room for modern living/dining, abundant pantry storage, roomy stainless steel appliances -- including gas stove, butcher-block table for extra work or dining space, stereo, TV and computer. Has good natural light plus flexible ceiling lighting.  • Cozy Bedroom with queen bed and abundant natural light, large well-organized closet • Full Bath with heated floor, modern tile and fixtures, ample storage and view of  Lake Washington from shower • Large Bonus Room office/living space with amazing natural light, view of Lake Washington and the Cascades, fireplace, flexible ceiling lights, computer-hook-up in 2 locations •  Washer/dryer in unit •  All linens and kitchen needs are provided •  Private entrance  •  Shared bbq anCompletely remodeled 5 bedroom/3bath 3300sq ft home in the exclusive Windermere neighborhood, NE Seattle. Minutes from UW, downtown, shopping, Children's Hospital.  Blocks from Lk Washington and private park. Free parking. Two level home with large great room, dining room, main floor master bedroom suite, 4 additional bedrooms, 2 additional bathrooms, rec room. Beautiful, view neighborhood on the banks for Lake Washington.  Private access to waterfront park with key card.Modern apartment in quiet neighborhood.  Newly constructed 1,100 square foot above-ground, full-floor basement suite with separate entrance. Great kitchen, patio and secluded back yard. Short drive to Children's Hospital, 12-min drive downtown. This light and airy 2 bedroom, 1 bath apartment will give you the experience of living in Seattle. Located in a quiet residential neighborhood with spectacular views of Lake Washington and Cascade mountains. Close to the Burke Gilman Trail for miles of biking and running. Lake Washington is a 3 min drive away, close to beach-front Magnuson Park.  Easy 12 min commute to downtown Seattle and 20 min to Bellevue/Redmond.  There are several neighborhood restaurants within a 5 min drive, including fabulous shopping at University Village. Public bus transportation is accessable with a bus stop a short 3 blocks away to downtown Seattle, Bellevue and Redmond.  The apartment is well equipped for cooking if you feel like staying in. It's also set up well fWonderful lakefront home....Spectacular views all year round.  Relax and enjoy the beautiful view of Lake Washington and Mt. Rainier as you enjoy a drink or for that matter dinner on the deck.  You can also walk down to our dock and take a swim.Enjoy peace and quiet in this immaculate luxury 1 bedroom furnished private garden cottage in Seattle. Tall windows flood the interior with light. French doors give on to your private patio. This recently built cottage has under-floor heating, cathedral ceiling in living/kitchen area, WiFi, Jacuzzi bathtub, and new stainless steel appliances: dishwasher, disposal, gas range, microwave and washer/dryer. The garden is landscaped for convenience and privacy. Private no-charge off-street parking plus ample street parking.  Enjoy peace and quiet in this immaculate luxury 1 bedroom furnished private garden cottage in Seattle. Tall windows flood the interior with light. French doors give on to your private patio. This recently built cottage has under-floor heating, cathedral ceiling in living/kitchen area, WiFi, Jacuzzi bathtub, and new stainless steel appliances: dishwasher, disposal, gas range, microwave and washer/dryer. The garden is landscaped for convenience and privacy. Private no-charHouse in a quiet neighborhood. Easy access to Burke Gilman bike trail to UW and Children's Hospital. Easy bus access to all of Seattle. Hot Tub. View of the Space Needle. Huge gourmet kitchen, patio. Careful, crafted comfort throughout. Our home is in a quiet neighborhood near the University and Children's Hospital. It's an easy walk to two different grocery stores and about a 20 minute walk to Magnuson Park, a huge park right on Lake Washington. We're also near several bus lines for an easy ride to downtown and other neighborhoods in the city. You will be staying on the main floor and will have access to the bedroom (or both if you have a larger party). We have a large kitchen that's a pleasure to cook in.  I'd like to give you a tour first. The main floor bathroom, with a shower and tub is yours to use. We keep back up shampoo, toothpaste, etc. in case you've misplaced yours. The living room is also available to you. If you'd like to watch TV we can set it up in a place that's comforYour newly-built self-contained apartment is located in a quiet, upscale Seattle neighborhood with wonderful restaurants,waterfront parks, bike trails and great shopping, 1 mile from UW. Enjoy your own private back yard and luxury accommodation Your apartment is in the lower level of our home, with a separate key-coded outside entrance (one flight of stairs down), and locked door to our living space. It is newly remodeled, one large bedroom with a new queen bed, down comforter, luxury sheets and pillows, a large closet, comfy reading chair , and a console table with Nespresso coffee maker (pods furnished), an electric tea kettle with teas,microwave, minifridge with yogurt, milk and OJ,and homemade granola for your first breakfast.  A hallway leads to a luxurious bathroom with a deep soaking tub, separate tiled shower and pedestal sink. Bath salts and shower gel, lotion, shampoo, conditioner and hair dryer are included, along with thick, new towels and robes.  Access to our laundry roomThis is a room in a house that feels like a home. It's located a mile from the University and 1/2 mile from Children's Hospital. The kitchen is large and perfect for someone who prefers to cook. Two rooms share the bathroom. We are located walking distance from Lake Washington - 20 minutes. We are also on several bus lines including the 75, 71, 72 and 30 - so basically you can get anywhere in the city by bus with just a few blocks walk. You have access to the whole main floor which includes a bathroom (shared by 2 bedrooms but we'll keep you in fresh towels), your room, the kitchen, living and dining room. We know a lot about this city and will be happy to be sure you have a wonderful stay here. If you prefer quiet we will respect your space. We're pretty easy to be with. Stuart and Barbara are both self-employedRelax your mind and spirit in a beautiful space. This private home provides a retreat-like setting close to it all. Within minutes of Children's Hospital, University Village, University of Washington, Burke Gilman Trail, markets, parks and more.  The house is a brick home built in the 40s. It has modern double paned windows, clean hot water baseboard broiler heating system, hard wood floors and eclectic world decor.  Your warm, cozy bedroom invites you to relax. Comfortable pillows, plush bedding and a queen sized bed are the focal point of the private room. East and South facing windows provide great natural light. The room includes a queen sized bed, full size hanging closet & multiple pull to drawers, Smart TV that has internet access, 10 ft HDMI cable, DVD player, desk, and sitting chair.  Room fee includes shared bathroom and access to the living, dining, laundry and kitchen areas.  We do have a screening process for taking pets. NOTE: We require a pet fee of $50. Please feel freeBesides all the amenities that you would want, our private cottage with street parking  boasts easy access to EVERYTHING Seattle: University of Washington, Seattle Children's Hospital, Ronald McDonald House, beaches, bus lines, parks etc! Fred Hutchison and Seattle Cancer Care Alliance are a shuttle ride away. Private cottage with lush plantings, private patio and fountain. Casablanca ceiling fan, baseboard heating, and heated bamboo floors for your comfort. It comfortably sleeps two.  There is an additionalleather  Clck-Clack sofa as well.  Walk to bus line to downtown.  The University District (minutes away) is the transit hub to everywhere in The Greater Seattle area. Walking distance to coffee shop,shopping, pharmacy the 28 mile Burke Gilman bike/pedestrian trail.  There are two bikes with locks that you may use. I will interact minimally but am always available for directions, suggestions, conversation and perhaps a glass of wine. Our neighborhood is in the city but feels like we Large private bedroom, bathroom, and living room available in lovely walkable Laurelhurst neighborhood in Seattle.Private bedroom and private bathroom in a 2 bedroom/2 bathroom apartment.  Next door to Seattle Children's Hospital and across the street from an access point to the Burke-Gilman trail.  Free unzoned street parking available & private patio. Free WiFi ** Free Street Parking ** Your Own Private Bathroom ** Kitchen Access ** Pet Free My street-level apartment is located in Laurelhurst, right next door to Seattle Children's Hospital.  I am across the street from the Burke-Gilman Park which connects to the Burke Gilman Trail.  Going northeast on the Burke Gilman Trail you are 0.5 miles from Magnuson Park and going southeast you are 2.5 miles from the University of Washington.    Your room has a full-size bed with brand new firm mattress, flat-screen TV, and desk.  You will have access to a private bathroom and shared access to the kitchen.  Nearby grocery stores: Metropolitan Market, Safeway, QFC.  U Village is approximately 2 miles away. Bus lines to the U District are just across the strYou will enjoy the apartment because it is large and cozy with the gas fireplace, wood floors, new kitchen, windows in every room. The neighborhood is convenient and very nice.  It is a great family neighborhood with great parks and sidewalks. This is in the  Laurelhurst neighborhood, a quiet area the perfect distance from the exciting and busy University of Washington area.  The house is walking distance to Children's Hospital.  The bus will take you to the University of Washington and to downtown Seattle.  The bus is number 25, but there are other buses available that require a longer walk to the bus stop.  Uber and shared car cars are available.  Street parking is free. We are less than 2 miles from the main University of Washington entrance. Apple TV Hairdryer   Hair straightner Kitchen Keurig coffeemaker Electronic lock New kitchen, gas stove, gas fireplace. Hardwood floors. I am happy to welcome you to our new airbnb if you'd like, but we have an electronic lock on the side of th4 reasons to stay here at Airbnb Superhost home! 1. House: award winning house designed by Jane Hastings.  2. View: private roof deck with a Union Bay view! 3. Location: Walk to UVillage and UW. 4. Convenience: private fridge, breakfast included. Update: We have earned the superhost status in Airbnb! 1. House The house was designed and resided by a well-known architect Jane Hastings. It received several awards and appeared on many magazines. Your room and private restroom is on the 3rd floor where it has an access to the roof deck.  2. View The view from the roof deck is awesome! Enjoy seeing the view of Union Bay.  The garden view from the 1st floor lounge is also great. The house was designed so that you could enjoy a different view at each floor.  3. Location Laurelhurst is a great neighborhood to stay in Seattle. The house is within a walking distance to U Village (10 mins), Children's hospital (10 mins),  Burke Gilman trail (15 mins and UW (15 mins). Also it takes only 15 minutes Stay warm in the rainy city with your ALL PRIVATE fireplace, heated floors, and a huge jacuzzi (+$20). Our comfortable two bed 1200 sqft apartment with new full kitchen comfortably fits four and is in a quiet neighborhood, just 1 mile from the UW.Our spacious hideaway is located in the Laurelhurst neighborhood, a prime location; walking distance to UW, Children's Hospital and the U-Village restaurant and shopping scene! Your private space includes the entire daylight basement and shared patio Our space is quite large! The entire daylight basement of our home includes: One queen bedroom with office space, large closet, 3/4 bath, living room with pocket doors and a queen pullout sofa.   Amenities include TV, free wi-if, microwave, small fridge, Keurig with coffee and cream,  kitchen supplies, space heater, fan and shared laundry. Please enjoy outdoor patio for morning coffee. Guests will enter via a lighted path on the north side of the house, through a gate onto our patio and through a coded lock on our side door. Lock combination will be changed after each guest.  After coming through the door, you will enter the space going down a set of stairs to your left.  Feel free to use the patio in the morning to sip your coffee, read aThe space for rent is a minimalist clean private room with queen sized air mattress and private bath. Near University of Washington. Walking distance to U-village and bus line with easy street parking.Spacious 2 bedroom/2 bathroom apartment next door to Seattle Children's Hospital and across the street from an access point to the Burke-Gilman trail. Free unzoned street parking available & private patio. Free WiFi ** Free Street Parking ** Pet Free My street-level apartment is located in Laurelhurst, right next door to Seattle Children's Hospital. I am across the street from the Burke-Gilman Park which connects to the Burke Gilman Trail. Going northeast on the Burke Gilman Trail you are 0.5 miles from Magnuson Park and going southeast you are 2.5 miles from the University of Washington.  The master bedroom has a queen bed and the 2nd bedroom has a full size bed.  Nearby grocery stores: Metropolitan Market, Safeway, QFC. U Village is approximately 2 miles away. Getting around: Bus lines to the U District are just across the street (including 75, 31, 32, and 65). Fares range from $2.25 - $2.75, depending on the time of day and it takes about 15 minutes to get to the U District. I generDetached private studio with keyed entry. The space is approximately 500 sf with kitchenette, private bathroom (shower only) and hardwood floors. A large work desk and TV are available for guests' use. Just ask us to help you get set up. We've converted our 500 sf detached garage into a comfortable, well-insulated music studio, home office and guest cottage. There's a kitchenette, including a mini-fridge, microwave and toaster oven available for guest use. Hot water kettle with tea selection and ample snacks are provided. The bed is a fold-out Crate and Barrel couch with a firm foam mattress (no squeaky springs) topped with a futon to make it more comfortable. The ensuite bathroom has floor-to-ceiling glass tile, river rock flooring and top of the line fixtures and almost-instant hot water (the tank is 5 feet away).  There is a flock of backyard chickens in our yard, but they are relatively quiet and the cottage is well-insulated from noise. Your stay will be a quiet and relaxing time Stay in the quiet neighborhood of magnolia while still enjoying the pleasures of the city only a mile away. This ethereal and modern space comes with all the amenities of full household. Are you the kind of traveler who loves to be out & about all day exploring and just needs a quiet, comfortable place to recharge for the next day? Then this is the perfect place for you.  Conveniently close to all that is great about Seattle. The room is small and simple.  Designed for the traveler who really just wants a quiet, private, comfortable place to sleep at the end of a busy day after taking in all this fine city has to offer.  Leave your luggage here and get out and play.  :) Guests have access to a washer / dryer. Laundry detergent is provided.  The bathroom is private to the Studio. I work only 2 miles from home and have a very flexible schedule.  My dog, however, is home most of the time.  She is a very sweet and friendly Golden Retriever and may poke her nose through the fence to say hello.  She is never allowed in the guest quarters, so even those with pet allergies can breathe free.  The beauty of this room is you can come and go as you please without the fear of distuEnjoy a quiet stay in our comfortable, 1955 brick  home in Magnolia, a safe, quiet neighborhood that's in the middle of it all. The Seattle Center, downtown and light rail airport access are just a quick bus ride away. Enjoy a large bedroom with a private entrance, kitchen and bathroom on the lower level of traditional Magnolia neighborhood home. Guest suite includes queen size bed with memory foam topper, small kitchen, bathroom with a shower,  large closet, dresser and fireplace.  The kitchen has a fridge, sink, 2 burner induction cook top, espresso machine, microwave, toaster oven, dishes and cooking utensils. The bathroom and kitchen may be shared if the other private bedroom that I have listed on Air bnb is occupied. The bedroom door can be locked for added security. Basic cable TV, high speed wireless internet and use of washer and dryer are also included.  You have access to the backyard, garden and two large decks. Free on street parking is available on 25th or 26th West. The uA cozy studio tucked into a hillside and surrounded by trees.   Big skylights let in dappled light during the day and allow star gazing at night.  Just 3 blocks to the downtown direct bus gets you access to local attractions in just minutes. The studio is separate from the main house.  You will need to walk up the driveway between the two houses to access the studio. Generally speaking guest will be on their own, however we welcome the opportunity to meet new people and offer suggestions for dining and having fun. Street parking is readily available.   Bus stops can be found on 22nd Ave W (2 blocks east) and 28th Ave (4 blocks west) IMPORTANT:  Electronic keyed access to the property is granted through Kevo (available on iTunes App Store and (website hidden) Market for select Android phones).  Please download the app ahead of your stay so an e-key can be sent to you. Physical keys are sometimes available with a security deposit.Located in an upscale neighborhood on Puget Sound, this charming private entrance studio makes up 2/3 of the top floor of a 1937 Cape Cod home. 30 yards from local bus route that passes by cruise ship terminals, ending just 20 mins to downtown. The 500 sq ft., (47 sq m) space is a somewhat gentrified studio apt with views of downtown Seattle and Mt. Rainier (late Autumn through mid-Spring seasons only). Entry is via semi-private entrance through arbor gate along backyard walkway. Bedroom overlooks backyard garden, kitchen eating nook overlooks front yard and driveway. Bed is full-sized (tad bit narrower than a queen). Note, because of stairs and year home was built, this studio is not recommended for those with weight and/or mobility issues. Full access to quaint backyard garden (complete with red English phone booth), wood BBQ grill and lawn furniture. Hot tub is currently off limits. If guests have any questions, concerns or needs your in-house host is available by phone 24/7. ProperEnjoy this one-of-a-kind, quaint ocean beach-front bungalow. A rare gem of a home tucked away on the beach in Magnolia, with City views. Best of both worlds! You will feel completely removed from the world, yet you can be in downtown Seattle in 10 minutes. This unique 1 bedroom master suite cottage is a rare, in-city beach front hideaway. Come relax and take in the breathtaking views of the Puget Sound. The home has a full kitchen, eating nook, sitting area and 3/4 bath on the main level. A sleeping loft accessed by ladder is perfect for up to two children. Master bedroom has queen- sized bed. Bedroom opens to the beach. Enjoy use of gas BBQ on the upper deck. Bulk head on the beach has fire pit for beach bonfires.  We're approximately three and a half miles to downtown Seattle. Easy walk to downtown. Enjoy the sculpture park on beautiful Elliott Bay. South exposure take in all of the Elliott Bay marina, Seattle high rises, Mount Rainer, Alki Point, the ship canal gateway to Seattle frThis 2 bedroom/2 bathroom townhouse located in the heart of Magnolia, one of Seattle's most sought neighborhoods. It has a spacious living area and a master suite with a private deck. The Space  This is a 2 bedroom/2 bathroom modern townhouse located in the heart of Magnolia, one of Seattle's most sought neighborhoods. It has a spacious living area that includes a living room with a modern couch that can be used as a queen bed, TV,  a workout area and a master suite with private deck.  The master bedroom and second bedroom are separated by one floor.  The kitchen is fully equipped with stainless steel appliances, cookware and tools, and anything else needed to cook. There's a good-size office den equipped with a large desk and a comfortable work chair.  The Neighborhood  This townhouse is just a quick walk away from bus lines and car share stations, restaurants, cafes, grocery stores, gyms, and entertainment venues. The townhouse is located just a short distance from Downtown Seattle, Beautiful home that is located quiet neighborhood  with views that speak for itself  of downtown, Elliott Bay, and Mt. Rainier.  Minutes away from downtown Seattle, Elliott Bay and Discovery Park. This home is nestled in quiet neighborhood near downtown Seattle and overlooks the seattle skyline and elliott bay.  Very close to discovery park, walking distance to Magnolia Village (restaurants, cafe's, and shopping) and surrounding parks in the area.  You will have access to all the amenities except the garage access.  I will be at the the home to give you the keys to home and a short tour.  There is bus stop 2 blocks from the home. We will provide public transportation information at the home. Lovely apartments- both units 2 twins, 1 queen- Living room with private balcony- 1.5 and 1 bath - bamboo floors, designer touches- everything you need to be comfortable- 10-12 minute walk to village- One month minim starting September Great apartment- close to downtown 7 minutes by car- 12 minute walk to Magnolia village- Quite, small 4 unit complex (owner on site)- 500. fully refundable damage deposit- Pay Pal The full apartment and the back yard Owner is on site to help with any issues or questions Magnolia village has everything for you daily needs- drug store, banks, restaurants, playground, grocery There is a bus which goes to downtown nearby- I recommend a car for any touring as bus service in Seattle is marginal- Lovely backyard outdoor space with BBQ-The house is conveniently located near downtown Seattle and accessible via bus line. Beautiful view of the Cascades and Mt. RainierYou will sleep better here than at home with the salty air breeze and lavender garden. Unlimited wifi, original hardwoods, view, deck and large fenced yard, separate facilities.  Easy access to downtown Seattle, Fremont, and Ballard less than 5 min by car and on bus route.  Ample off street parking. Kitchen access Magnolia is a scenic neighborhood next to Queen Anne which has views of Sound and mountains, Discovery Park, hiking great restaurants and beautiful old homes. Ballard and Fremont are across the bridge and easy access. Everything Seattle has to offer. On bus routes to downtown, Fremont, Ballard, and Wallingford 2 rooms in three level 3000 sq ft home. Dedicated bath not shared with owner. Views of mountains and peek views of water.  Owner has dog.Three bedroom home in Seattle neighborhood of Magnolia. Fully remodeled with comfortable, modern vibe. Veggies in the frontyard, honeybees in the backyard. Record player, yoga mats, bar . 20 minute walk to Ballard. Coffee and pubs near by. Dog ok This is a 1950's modern house with urban homesteading roots. There are bee hives in the back yard, vegetables in the front, three bedrooms, open entertaining, no tv, lots of room for yoga on a big deck with views.  Two blocks from a pub. Dog friendly. Quiet. Easy access (walking or busing) to Ballard, Fremont and Downtown. Massage Yoga Guitar Gardens Big Deck Quiet, cool sleeping Walkable pubs, coffee shops, parks I'm not on site when you're there, but I can arrange to be there if you want me there. I'm a licensed massage therapist, certified yoga teacher, beekeeper and great gluten-free vegetarian cook preparing food from the garden.   Ten minute walk and two minute bus ride from Ballard. One block walk to five minute bus to Fremont, AKA The This mid-century modern apartment building has the trappings of the best nests: a high perch and great creature comfort. Bright and modern luxury apartment ideally located on the eastern slope of Magnolia, just minutes from downtown Seattle, Queen Anne & Ballard.  Located in a unique, mid-century modern building completely renovated by Wild Radish (known for its Healthy Living by Design housing standards) this beautiful apartment features: Bamboo hardwood floors, white subway tile, condo-quality stainless steel kitchen appliances, in-unit, high-efficiency washer & dryer, high-efficiency radiant heaters, active venting & major bus lines close by. Property Features: Bamboo + Slate flooring Fridge / Dishwasher / Microwave Washer / Dryer Non-toxic, non-outgassing paints + materials Radiant Heat Free Parking Major bus lines nearby What's special about this place? Hypo-allergenic bedding, mattresses/covers and new pillows* with each rental. (So feel free to take the pillows with you!)  GreatPrivate room and bath in beautiful two story condo with patio. Within 10 min drive and 15-20 min bus ride to the heart of downtown (bus stop is directly across the street).  Walk in the quaint neighborhood or to the famous Discovery Park (3 miles). The room is on the ground floor and has a private bath. Laundry is on site if needed, and kitchen and living room upstairs. Magnolia is a urban sanctuary that has the water, mountains, and city all it it's backyard. There is a little neighborhood center with many green spaces and there is an incredible park within 3.2 miles of the condo - Discovery Park.  Discovery Park is a 534 acres park on the shores of Puget Sound in the Magnolia neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. It is the city's largest public park and contains 11.81 miles of walking trails. There is a bus stop that is directly across the street with frequent bus service. There is a lot of street parking available and it is easily accessibly by Uber, Lyft, and taxis.This 3 bedroom home with stunning views of downtown Seattle comfortably sleeps 6 -8. It's 3.2 miles from the Space Needle. Bike trails and bus lines offer easy access downtown. The house is in a very nice neighborhood w/ a charming shopping district. Our house is a comfortable, affordable view home, very close to downtown, Pike Place Market, and the Space Needle (the Seattle Center). It is perfect for the business traveler (close to downtown, and Amazon and Starbucks HQ) and for the vacationing family or honeymooning couple. The home comfortably sleeps 8 on two full size beds, one king size bed, and a comfortable full size convertible futon. A pack-n-play is available upon request for infants/toddlers. Guests will be given a personal 4-digit code to use to access the home via a keyless entry. Guests will have access to the entire house with the exception of a storage room. The basement is unfurnished at this time and is only used to access the laundry room and garage. Ample street parkThis mid-century modern apartment building has the trappings of the best nests: a secluded perch and great creature comfort. Bright and modern luxury apartment ideally located on the eastern slope of Magnolia, just minutes from downtown Seattle, Queen Anne & Ballard.  Located in a unique, mid-century modern building completely renovated by Wild Radish (known for its Healthy Living by Design housing standards) this beautiful apartment features: Bamboo hardwood & slate floors, white subway tile, condo-quality stainless steel kitchen appliances, in-unit, high-efficiency washer & dryer, high-efficiency radiant heaters, active venting & major bus lines close by.  Free & convenient parking. What's special about this place? Hypo-allergenic bedding, mattresses/covers and new pillows* with each rental. (So feel free to take the pillows with you!)  Great Amenities: Free WiFi & internet TV (LED flatscreen). Fully-equipped kitchen with stainless-steel appliances, sink & disposal. In-unit washer/drInterbay, just minutes from downtown Seattle. Three-story town home built in Summer 2013.   Master bedroom with king size bed & guest bedroom with full-size bed.  Private patio with BBQ. Includes one parking spot & plenty of street parking. Pets ok. Short walk to Muleady's Irish Pub and Red Mill Burger.  Easy access to Ballard, Queen Anne, Fremont & Downtown.  Discovery Park is less than 2 miles away. Bus route in front of town home.It's a private bedroom with full bathroom located on the third floor of our West Seattle townhouse.  The best part is you get to hang out with Paul and Leslie!Great secluded West Seattle location that is within 15 minutes of downtown.  Easy access to public transportation, with plenty of parks and shopping nearby. The room is located on the first floor, and has its own shower in the bathroom. Want to stay near the heart of Seattle but still enjoy all the comforts of home? Come and stay in West Seattle, in my beautiful newly built townhome. Located in a quiet residential neighborhood with convenient street parking. The closest bus line goes directly to Seattle is one block away (It's about a 20-30 minute ride). The first floor guest room has a queen bed, and closet. Fresh bed linens are supplied along with towels and washcloths for the bathroom. Wireless internet is available. The 2nd floor is the living room with 60" TV, sofa, dining room, and kitchen. The kitchen is always stocked with assorted teas, coffee, and small snacks, and is available for use if you'd like to cook. The garage and 3rd floor master bedroom are private areas. The washeGreat secluded West Seattle location that is within 15 minutes of downtown. Easy access to public transportation, with plenty of parks and shopping nearby. The room is located on the 3rd floor, and has its own shower & tub in the bathroom. Want to stay near the heart of Seattle but still enjoy all the comforts of home? Come and stay in West Seattle, in my beautiful newly built townhome. Located in a quiet residential neighborhood with convenient street parking. The closest bus line goes directly to Seattle is one block away (It's about a 20-30 minute ride). The 3rd floor guest room has a queen bed, and closet. Fresh bed linens are supplied along with towels and washcloths for the bathroom. Wireless internet is available. The 2nd floor is the living room with 60" TV, sofa, dining room, and kitchen. The kitchen is always stocked with assorted teas, coffee, and small snacks, and is available for use if you'd like to cook. The garage and 3rd floor master bedroom are private areas. The washWhen you stay with me, you'll get an entire floor of my West Seattle townhome to yourself.  The bottom floor of my three-story townhome is yours - a cozy bedroom and private bathroom complete with full shower.      When you stay with me, you'll get an entire floor of my West Seattle townhome to yourself.  The bottom floor of my three-story townhome is yours - a cozy bedroom and private bathroom complete with full shower.   Guests will have access to free wireless internet, free street parking, complimentary shampoo, conditioner, soap, toothpaste, and other toiletries, and a cozy wonderful Queen sized bed.  You'll sleep great! Fresh bed linens are supplied along with towels and washcloths for the bathroom.  There are Seattle guidebooks and magazines to help you design your trip.  There is also a "goodie" box full of snacks and two complimentary bottles of water.   I will have little to no interaction with guests.  A key will be left outside for guests to come and go as they please.  KeyEnjoy Seattle without the high downtown rates! Located on the 21 bus line with direct access to downtown stadiums and attractions. Spacious, private, & just minutes from Alki Beach, parks/trails, & night life activity. Parking available. Sleeps 2-4. This private daylight basement apartment has a private entrance, .75 bath, two bedrooms, common living area, laundry room, free wifi, and kitchenette with mini fridge, toaster oven, and coffee maker.  One queen bed and one double stack inflatable mattress with comfort control.  We provide coffee, tea, and a light continental breakfast to get you started with your trip. You will have full access of the basement.  The rooms & the bathroom are private, but we may need to access the laundry or storage area during your stay.   We do own a 25lb Basenji mix named Finn that will be outside at times.  He is very friendly & curious.  The property is gated front and back, and we ask that the gates remain closed to keep Finn safe. There is plenty of frFront part of house in West Seattle with turquoise door & gardens-colorful vibrant space.  Unique 1948 home on busy street easy to find, quick to get bus, 10min drive to downtown, close to food/shopping. 2 bedrooms & living room invite you to stay. Bright colored rooms, big side yard make for a fabulous place to see the city or just retreat. Built in 1948 this house has hidden charms like built-in closet and glass door knobs, it also means if you lock the bathroom door you might be stuck in there for a bit and need calm patience to fiddle with the lock. The house is clean but because of it's age the corners always look a bit dusty with years of stories waiting for you to listen. We have two bedrooms, one with a queen bed and one with a twin couch that folds into a bed. The couch in the main room is also a super comfortable spot to nap or sleep if you have 4th person. The queen bed is organic latex mattress with cotton futon topper and a wool cover. The quilts you sleep under are crafteRent a room for $850.00 PER MONTH OR RENT ENTIRE UPPER LEVEL FOR $1600 PER MONTH. UNIT IS 2 BEDROOM 1 & 1 1/2 BATH WITH FULL KITCHEN AND 1 OFF STREET PARKING SPACE. NO ONSIGHT W/D. MONTH TO MONTH WITH A DEPOSIT OF ONE MONTHS RENT REQUIRED.A beautiful place to stay in the city. Close to downtown, stadiums, ferries, beaches, walking trails and great restaurants. Easy to get to the mountains!!! Go out and enjoy the city and come back to a quite sanctuary tucked away in the gardens. Our house is truly a sanctuary in the city.  The house is surrounded by trees, bamboo and an undeveloped green space across the street.  The view from every window is green! It is very private here.   Our home is quiet and intentional, and great for families. The house is small and cozy with most of the living space on the  main floor.  There is one bathroom and two bedrooms upstairs and a cozy sleeping space in the office downstairs. The main bedroom has a queen size bed with an incredibly comfortable temper-pedic mattress The second bedroom has another queen, there is a twin fold-out in the office downstairs, and the sofa in the living room is a queen size sleeper.  The house is comfortable with 5 people, can sleep up to 7. We just finished a This guest bedroom has a queen bed with Beautyrest Memory foam mattress will help with a nice sleep and keep the stress away while you travel.  -Private bathroom and bedroom -Shampoo Provided -Individual small Fridge -Washer and Dryer    0.3 miles to bus Station  * 4.2 miles to Alki Beach * 5.1 miles to Centry Link Field * 6.3 miles to Down town Seattle * 6.5 miles to Pike Place Market/Pioneer Square * 7.4 miles to Space Needle * 9.9 miles to Kerry Park * 15.1 miles to SeaTac Airport The bedroom comfortably accommodates two people.  Guests have access to a full bath, kitchen, and family room. Guests have access to the bathroom on the third floor, living room on the third floor, dining table, dedicated shelves in the kitchen cabinet (with dish ware provided) , stove, microwave, coffee machine and guest refrigerator and bread toaster~~ Make yourself at home!  Clean towel and beddings will be provided upon your arrival. Bathroom essentials will be provided as well for guests staying shortEnjoy a one of a kind space all to yourself. The backyard includes grill, firepit, hot tub + sauna. It is a 2 bedroom house with an extra bedroom in the basement. We are looking for long term renters. Willing to rent month to month as well. Hello,  Looking for a couple or two single professionals to rent this amazing home in West Settle long term. Literally steps away from the #120 bus line and within walking distance to a school! Safeway delivers here too.   Hardwood floor in the dining room. New, slate tile floor in the kitchen. Carpet in living room and bedrooms.  2 Bedrooms + one with no windows in the basement.   1 newly renovated bathroom with an amazing skylight. Renovated kitchen with skylight (no oven), glass top stove.  Master bedroom 12 feet x 12 feet and large closet  Second bedroom is 10 feet x 11 feet with walk-in closet.  King size bed and queen sized bed included (optional) (could store in basement if you have your own)  Washer and dryer in basement.  Parking space for Cozy room in West Seattle has a partial view of the city over Harbor Island. The home is situated on a quiet dead end street near the Longfellow Creek watershed, Camp Long, and the West Seattle Golf Course. Bathroom and room is recently remodeled. Despite the fact this home is in the city it is a quiet space. Even the dogs are quiet (mostly), cuddly, and crate-trained. The room faces North toward the city, giving you cool, blue, relaxing light throughout the daylight hours. You'll have access to the WiFi, kitchen, main bathroom, living area, and backyard. Interaction is really up to you. The host is as supportive or private as you please. I know and love my city and am happy to share my favorite places and activities. This area of West Seattle is largely green space, with access to trails, golf courses and parks. See the heading "Snake Hill" in (URL HIDDEN) - that's where you'll be. Two bus lines (21 & 120) are within easy walking distance, as long as you can handle steep hills. All buA cozy 2-bedroom home that sleeps up to four(4) comfortably. It has 1 queen-sized and 2 single beds.  The kitchen is fully equipped with brand new appliances.A great location for business and leisure. This house  has been totally renovated inside as of mid 2015. Everything brand new.  Our cozy 2-bedroom home that sleeps up to four(4) comfortably features 2 bedrooms. One with a 1 queen-sized  and another with 2 single beds. Bedrooms are carpeted, vinyl in bath and hardwood floors in the living/dining room and kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped with  brand new appliances.  2 parking spaces available.  This is a great location  for business and leisure located just a few miles from the beach. About 5 - 10 minutes drive including the famous Alki Beach.  For family or groups looking for adventure , Camp Long is just a 5 minute drive. It is half to way to SeaTac Airport and downtown,  approximately 15 minutes. West Seattle Golf Course, Boeing field are also among the many areas that you Delight in all that beautiful West Seattle has to offer in a newly built townhome. Relax in your own private bedroom and bathroom or head to downtown Seattle, Alki beach or Lincoln Park - all minutes away. The bedroom is the only one on the floor and has an attached bathroom so you will have all the privacy you need. Everything you need is in the room but if you choose, you may also relax in the living room and kitchen. There is not a tv in the bedroom but there is one in the living room you are welcome to use. My home is clean and quiet. It is close to bus routes and a short walk to some restaurants and bars. There is a park in front of my home, plenty of walking paths and even a nearby pond with views overlooking downtown. You can comfortably fit 2 people in the room. Your bedroom and bathroom are located on the first floor. The kitchen and living room are on the second floor where you can relax if you choose. There is a tv in the living room with cable and a dvd player. You are welcOur private room is located close to alki beach and 15 min drive downtown comfortably accommodating two. We also have a kids bedroom with bunk beds for two kids on an upper floor. You have access to common areas and a full bathroom upstairs. The room is comfortable for 1 couple and includes a TV with an Amazon fire TV stick. It's located in a partial basement space with a large above ground window. Even though it's seldom humid during the summers and partly humid during the winters; we provide both a dehumidifier and a fan for your comfort. Our home is equipped with a gas fireplace for your enjoyment. Our piano is situated in the living room to be utilized for your pleasure. We also have an high efficiency washer/dryer for anything you may need to wash. Street parking is plentiful. This is a townhome which means good living space but is very vertical. There are two sets of stairs both to the main floor and another set to the main shower. Guests have access to all kitchen utensils, toolBeautiful Spa like retreat, sauna in your room!! Relax, detox & lose weight in  Far Infrared Sauna. Gorgeous room w/private exterior entrance, vaulted ceilings, laminate floors & zen decor. Floor to ceiling windows w/view of nature. Super cozy queen size bed, large room with far infrared sauna. The space is at the end of the house, an ad on to the house so you have complete privacy!  .French doors open out to your own huge deck   bistro table & chairs. Extremely secluded setting, surrounded by trees, and an outdoor fire pit. Enjoy a peaceful setting and a unique airbnb experience. Robes, bath towels,candles, books and a basket of amenities are provided to make the stay a truly cozy and relaxing getaway. *BENEFITS OF FAR-INFRARED SAUNA: -Strengthens the cardiovascular system with deep --Far Infrared penetration (up to 1.5″). -Far Infrared sauna detoxifies heavy metals, hydrocarbon residues, alcohol, nicotine, sodium and cholesterol. -Helps liquefy fat cells, burns calories and controls Modern, clean, and light-filled! Private bedroom with an attached sitting area suite and full bathroom. Located on a quiet street and less than a 1/2 mile walk to Alaska Junction and transit. All the comforts of home! A comfortable queen-sized bed, dresser, and large closet. Your own thermostat to control the room temperature. Luxury bath towels, high-quality shampoo/conditioner/body wash, and a hair dryer. A sitting area that includes an individual coffee maker and and hot pot for tea. Enjoy the TV (with Netflix and a Wii) or lounge and catch up on email. Your room is private, but we're happy to share our kitchen and washer/dryer. You're also more than welcome to enjoy our backyard patio and veggie garden. We will be home to check you in and out, but otherwise, we'll give you as much space as you'd like. You'll fall in love with our dog Clover, the sweetest golden retriever on the planet - but if you don't like dogs or are allergic, this may not be the best place for you. We're lucky Private, comfortable apartment in West Seattle.  Close to the water (Puget Sound).  Short walk to a small, waterfront park and one block more to one of the largest Seattle parks, with about 2 miles of waterfront, and a salt water, public pool. I have a lovely apartment on the ground level of my house.  It's newly remodeled and has views of Puget Sound and the Olympic Mountains. Very private and quiet, bright and light.  You'll have the place to yourself, but if you need anything, I live upstairs!   The apartment is comfortable and cozy, with books, magazines, and whatever else I might think of.  The bed is a comfortable queen size bed with a foam topper, cozy comforter and all cotton linens.  The bathroom has a nice stack of all cotton towels. I've lived in Seattle a long time and can help arrange activities and suggest destinations.  There's really so much to do that you'll probably have to narrow it down.  If you are looking for outdoor activities, there are many hiking trails in theClean, quiet, and private basement apartment with new full kitchen, bathroom, separate entrance with digital keypad, washer/dryer/detergent. Nestled in award-winning garden. Walk to Puget Sound beaches, parks, and restaurants. Convenient to downtown. Private basement apartment with full kitchen, private bathroom, and separate entrance with digital keypad lock. Naturally cool in summer. Great shower! New Samsung Smart TV with Netflix access. Shared covered deck with kiwi arbor. Space accommodates 1-2 people. No additional guests unless they want to camp in yard for fee. Guests are welcome to use shared covered deck, hang out in garden, play with Rocky the Turtle. No fishing in pond. Use trampoline at your own risk. Shared laundry room with free use of washer, dryer, and detergent. Secure storage for bicycles in garage. Guests use a private entrance with a unique Digital Keypad code. I send guests their code and instructions prior to their arrival. Eric loves sharing his knowledge of SeaSmall apartment, bright, cheerful, airy in a modern building. Junior 1 bedroom that has a bed and a sofa that will sleep 3 people. Walking distance to Alaska Junction. Bike or drive to Lincoln Park and Alki Beach. 20 min bus ride to centrum.Close to downtown Seattle, yet away from the hustle and bustle.  Ms. Ronda's is located in a quiet, friendly neighborhood; in the heart of West Seattle. Close to great food, Rapid Ride Bus and there is free street parking.We are 20 FEET from the water, (when the tides in) and the MASTER BED is literally over top of your SERENITY, gently calming you to sleep!  This location is amazing!!  Sweeping views from practically the whole house.  Enjoy watching ferries and passing ships as well as the Olympic Mountains.  This is as close as you can get to the water!  Its very relaxing here yet the heart of Alki beach is less than 3 miles away with world renowned bars and restaurants and recreational attractions.  Lincoln Park and the Fauntleroy ferry dock are less than 2 miles away as well.   This Cape Cod style house features a Large studio area with waterside Queen bed & Picture window.  There is also a separate additional bedroom.  The House features elegant seating near the fireplace for reading or playing board games, and also has two couches and coffee table with 37" flat panel LCD TV. Cable TV service with full programming featuring recordable DVR. The Bedroom features a 50" TV with DVR recorder. Both TV's Beautiful, quiet daylight ground floor apartment with floor-to-ceiling glass and a breathtaking view of Puget Sound. No shared indoor spaces. Large flat yard with patio, BBQ. Total privacy, separate 7 x 24 keyless entry. Off-street parking for 1 car. Guests will have the ground floor all to themselves, including a 3/4 bath (towels, shampoo, etc. included) full kitchen with dishwasher, bedroom (queen bed), and large living room. Free guest WiFi throughout space, 42" LCD TV and Comcast cable, and large, comfortable leather couch. The hosts live upstairs in completely separate quarters with a separate entrance. Apartment is pet free. Bedroom has new queen bed; living room has single daybed, if needed, for extra guest. Guest entrance is on the southwest side of the building down a gently sloping gravel path. The entrance is covered, private, and used only by the guests. Access is keyless and 24/7. Our intention is to give you total privacy, but we can be reached if a need arises. West SeatSpanish modern home with sound and mountain views in convenient location just two blocks from restaurants and bars.   MODERN UPDATES.  AMAZING VIEWS.  PERFECT LOCATION.  THE HOUSE: recently renovated to a Spanish modern style home comfortably accommodates 6-7 guests (four beds).  Two bedrooms downstairs (one with queen bed and other with a full size and twin bed).  One large upstairs loft with amazingly comfortable queen fold-out couch and awesome views. Living Room. Dining room. Two full baths.  Washer and dryer. Comfortable mix of restored hardwood floors and new carpet.  Flat screen TV's throughout.  High speed wireless internet and Dish TV.  Ample free parking for many cars in back and on street.  Beautiful terraced garden. VIEWS: enjoy sound and mountain views from the second floor loft and patio terrace. Sunsets can last until nearly 10pm during summer months b/c of the longitude.   LOCATION:  - 1 mile walk to the beaches of Lincoln Park - 1 mile walk in other direction to AlaskaClean, private top floor flat with fast, reliable Internet just one block from West Seattle's utterly walkable Alaska Junction: coffee, groceries, restaurants, shopping, and public transportation (downtown 15 minutes; Seatac Airport 30 minutes). Well-located Apartment with outside entrance on the upper level of 1925 Craftsman duplex...next door to Uptown Espresso, and no need for a car (walk score of 95)! The master is spacious and there are Queen beds in both bedrooms! Fully equipped Kitchen with dishwasher and Renewed Bathroom with tub and shower. Great West Seattle location adjacent to the Alaska Junction which has dozens of restaurants (Ephesus,Jaks,Mashikos,Lee's Asian, Tran Bros) and Safeway/Starbucks, QFC & Trader Joe's, shopping,sportsbars & pubs. Excellent transit: Rapidride to downtown (15 minutes) and the #22 & #560 buses to/from airport (45 minutes) to West Seattle Junction. Check King County Trip Planner (website hidden) for Metro buses, light rail, water taxi and ferry seCozy, quaint brick bungalow with views of the Olympic Mountains and Puget  Sound. Old World charm with a transitional flair.   Come relax, refresh and recharge. Minutes from Alki Beach and great restaurants. I am interested in interior design, gardening and travel. Guests will love the wrap around deck to enjoy the western light and sunsets. Guests have full access to a cabana with a fireplace and a very huge back yard. I am excited to offer guests ideas on entertainment, dining and any other questions I can help with.  There is so much to do in Seattle, specifically West Seattle. Being a Seattle native gives me an advantage! This neighborhood is unique because nobody leaves!  People tend to stay forever, so there are young families all the way to elderly people.  There is great pride of ownership for this very reason. We are located in-between Lincoln Park and Alki Beach, both which offer many opportunities for walking, restaurants and sight-seeing. This home has plenty of off-street Up to six guests may share our urban cottage, located just blocks from the West Seattle Junction. This two bedroom house sleeps a maximum of 6 guests.  Both the master bedroom and a second bedroom have queen-sized beds.  A semi-private, curtained sleeping area contains bunk beds perfect for kids or the young at heart.  The small kitchen is functional, but not for the true gourmet cook.  The house has one bathroom, a combined open living/dining space, a washer/dryer, wireless high-speed internet, and off-street parking for two cars. You'll find the beds crisply made, fresh towels in the bathroom, and coffee in the kitchen, in addition to other homey touches, so you can begin your relaxing vacation the minute you arrive. The cottage is located near the heart of a neighborhood full of great restaurants, coffee shops, shopping, a pharmacy, grocery stores, and nightlife.  Our neighbors are Salon Ef-Fekts and the OutWest Bar. West Seattle is also home to Seattle's finest waterfront areas: AlAmazing vintage room in posh 1904 building. Beds are comfy ,rooms are classic  Close to airport and across  the street from three major bus lines. We will make your visit enjoyable. Come stay with us in our culturally rich neighborhood ,arts abound Our new room is the  Sexy Toulouse Lautrec Room  Parisian Style for your stay. This room has a queen size bed and fits two comfortably. Great place to eat, shop and take in the local art scene This is our newest room renovated and ready for your romantic stay.  Book this saucy room located in the heart of the arts district in Georgetown , Seattle. This room features   early 1900's French boudoir style furnishings in honor of French post impressionist artist Henri Toulous Lautrec. This room is simple posh,colorful and very Moulin Rouge  with heavy satin red  curtains to block out the sun for late sleepers,velvet pillows and soft carpet.  You will have vintage tea service provided for you upon request. More about our  lovely building and neighThis beautiful double room features a magical sleeping room and a second room that features a sitting area and breakfast /mini kitchen area. On two major bus lines, come enjoy the burgeoning arts district just minutes away from downtown Our new Sunny space has a private room from the 1904 vintage era. This building has a VERY interesting history and features comfortable rooms with lovely wood floors and wainscotting down the hallways. Restored with antiques and your very own private room and an AMAZING large (think mexican tiled heaven with 6 showerheads)tiled bathroom that is shared only with the other air bandb room.. Our new space is surrounded by art and creative studios with our resident Jack Russell wandering around to say hello occasionally. Dog is kept out of the guest rooms but they probably are not allergy free. You will have full access to our kitchen and it's cooking facilities.Your room is your  own private sunny space. Although your room is private you share the building Comfy bedroom with private bath in funky Georgetown.  Enjoy the shared kitchen, yard, dining & living rooms.  Your room has full-sized bed with memory foam, desk, daybed, & drawers.  Just blocks from I-5, bus lines, charming shops, & restaurants. Comfy bedroom with private bath in the heart of funky Georgetown, Seattle's oldest neighborhood, five miles south of downtown.  Relax in rustic-modern, beautifully renovated 1901 farmhouse.  Enjoy the shared kitchen, yard, dining and living rooms--with piano and Hammond Organ.  Your room has full-sized bed with memory foam, writing desk, day bed, and drawers. Windows offer tranquil views of the back yard and bamboo trees. Located just a few blocks from the highway and bus lines as well as charming shops and restaurants. kitchen, washer/drier, high-speed internet, dining and living rooms, piano, organ, accordions, uke, huge yard with lawn furniture.  easy free parking on street. very spacious with high ceilinged rooms.  the guest area plus commThis is a brand new one bedroom loft apartment built next door to our home in Georgetown. Fully furnished, vaulted ceilings, fireplace, custom tile, dual head shower, heated bathroom floors, full kitchen w/ high end micro-appliances, bamboo throughout. This is a furnished one bedroom loft apartment built behind our house. It is adjacent to our garage and accessed from the alley. When you walk inside, you will find a kitchen complete with dishes and basic cookware, a couch facing the TV (with Apple TV for streaming) and fireplace, and a bistro table that can accommodate 2-4 people for a meal. The bathroom has a double headed shower, toilet, and sink. There is a space for a washer and dryer but we do not have these appliances at this time. Upstairs you will find an open loft with a couch that converts into a full sized bed, a bedroom, and an outside deck. It should be noted that the bedroom does not have a door, so although the bedroom cannot be seen from downstairs, the two sleeping spaThis classic beauty is decorated in simple black and white with red accents,think Greta Garbo in black and white with a touch of red..The room is furnished in turn of the century antique furniture and playful decorations. shared kitchen, huge bath, free wifi and parking all for you   Welcome to the Georgetown Classic beauty room!    This  room has been being renovated in classic  era furniture  and simple black and white with a touch of theatrical red to make it sensuous This building has a long and wonderful history (built in 1904)  and has been renovated with this esthetic in mind. This is a single room with a  fantastic new plush full size bed with a pillow top for your comfort. Sleeping well is a fact here! Our new  space has four private and unique guest rooms.  Our building has a VERY interesting history and was built as a hotel in 1904. Some of it's redeeming  features are comfortable rooms with lovely wood floors and wainscotting down the hallways. Restored with antiques and feCompletely renovated 1902 craftsman located in the heart of South Seattle.  Your space is a comfortable bedroom, an almost exclusively yours bathroom (we do laundry and store gear there) and entertainment area in our completely finished basement. Our space is a single level house with a finished basement, where your room, bathroom, and lounging area is located.   Our laundry and outdoor gear are in the bathroom so we do need access to it occasionally, but for the most part it is yours as we have our primary bathroom upstairs. It is pretty utilitarian but it will meet basic needs.  The entertainment/lounge area includes a comfortable couch, TV with surround sound, records, DVD, and we have HULU and Netflix setup on it so you can relax as you wish.  There is also a gas fireplace which you are welcome to use at your leisure with the click of the remote.   Your room is simple but quiet, clean, and private.  There is room to store clothes, hang items, and rest well! Upstairs when you enter This former Roadhouse has a ton of historic charm.  Stay in the place "Big Hutch" ran a card room and saloon.  We offer a cozy private one bedroom in the eclectic artsy Georgetown neighborhood. Stay in artsy historic Georgetown.  This is a private one bedroom with its own entrance, fully furnished.  It is bright and comfortable with lots of light which can be blocked out for late sleepers.  It has newly refinished hardwood floors, and private full bathroom (tub and shower).  You will be happy with the water pressure and hot water as it has its own dedicated hot water heater.  We have provided a small refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker - just the basics for a few days.  We use fragrance free and non chemical cleaners through out the space, but do have a pug dog in the building so can not protect against all allergies. We are located on two major bus lines which will get you around the city and downtown in less than 20 minutes. The bus stop is right on the corner. We are located inAlthough the rest of our building is vintage charmer, this room is more  modern  with some fun and playful relaxing element detail. Right on two bus lines with an open floor plan, seating and yoga mats to stretch out. We look forward to hosting you This new room is done in a fresh relaxing modern design with yoga mats and plenty of room to stretch out. It is clean and simple. Please see our other listings to get a full feel for the space. This building is an artist space but you do not have to be "arty" to stay here just open to a creative environment. This is an active building during the day but fairly quiet most nights, its really very suprising how quiet it usually is  ..that said  those who need absolute quiet to sleep may want to come during the weekdays or stay somewhere NOT in Georgetown. Like I said its a hopping area and there is allot to do in the neighborhood. You can eat at our many restaurants (one in the same building) and go to the coffee shop down stairs, shop for recoA spacious Craftman farmhouse with modern updates across the street from Seattle's largest urban farm. Just 10 minutes to the airport, and 15 minutes to downtown, you'll be well situated to explore the farm, South Park, and nearby Georgetown. The farmhouse is a great place to rest on your own or aMy little house in the Southpark neighborhood is 15 minutes from airport, pike place market downtown and space needle. 5 minutes from hip Georgetown neighborhood. 2 great microbreweries 1 block away. Original artwork, lots of art books to enjoy, patio, elliptical and exercise machine. The bed is a pullout sofa, but plenty of room for 2 reasonable sized adults. You will be sharing the house with me and you can let me know if you would rather have private time or we can hang out and I can give you ideas of all the great stuff to do in Seattle. There are 2 buses that will take you to sodo in 10min and downtown in 15minOur two bedroom  very comfortable and easy to find,  across from Boeing field I-5, between the airport and Downtown Seattle. Very close to South center, Georgetown. Key less entry and  2 minutes away from the bus stop for easy commute. Big library. 5 to 10 minutes from Seatac International Airport 10 minutes to the stadiums, pike place market, downtown shopping area, night life 10 minutes from South Center Mall It is located South of Seattle just 10 minutes away from downtown. -You will have the top part of the house to yourself that includes two bedrooms full kitchen, full bathroom huge living room and dining area. -It is very close to the museum of flight which every first Thursday of the month is free admission after 5 pm.   -Close to Georgetown minutes away from downtown Seattle Are you in town for a game day.  This house is located very close to the Safeco Field, Century Link Field, WAMU  Theater Key less entry (use the key code provided) You will have two bedroom large living rooPrivate, Cozy West Seattle home with a huge fenced backyard, beautiful garden, two patios and best of all...a HOT TUB! Beautifully decorated and very cozy! Conveniently located a few miles from Alki Beach, just a ten minute drive to downtown Seattle! This space has so much charm and comfort. The hot tub and backyard are amazing and the location is perfect! House includes tons of cooking supplies and plenty of linens. The entire home including hot tub! Completely private. I will interact with guests as much or as little as they prefer. I live a block away so I can be available for any needs or questions but know vacationers like their privacy! Very quiet and safe yet close to restaurants and shopping! You will feel right at home! Bus lines a block away. Can take you right downtown West Seattle or Seattle in 10 minutes. Airport bus line within walking distance as well. Can walk to store, Target, gym and many restaurants as well! I have a doggie bed and fenced yard as well as highchair, sSmall house in the Westwood Neighborhood of West Seattle.  One block from the bus line on 35th Ave and a short walk to the Westwood Village shopping center.  Coffee shops, parks, bars and a library are within five minutes walking.  Lincoln Park is a 15 minute walk. Bedroom is 120 sq ft.  Queen size bed.  Includes desk, closet and dresser. Access to the basement is restricted.  The rest of the house is open. I am very outgoing and easy to get along with.  My life is very busy so I am often out of the house for work or play.  Feel free to hang out with me in the living room and watch football or retreat to the back of the house for some privacy. Alike Beach, West Seattle Junction, Easy bus access to downtown. (URL HIDDEN) (URL HIDDEN) (URL HIDDEN) (URL HIDDEN) Seattle Metro bus line is only one block away on 35th Ave. I bought the house as a fixer-upper so I am constantly doing improvement projects.  Nothing too extreme but please don't mind me if I'm working on little projects around thSuburban cozy home, wooden floor, patio, nice simple private bedroom, living room have extra sofa bed.  Close to ferry (fauntleroy way). 15 mins to downtown of Seattle. My Housemate living on his own bedroom and He is Deaf. American Sign Language.  In West Seattle, The Highland district. The house have lots of lights during the day with a huge window around the house.  It is close to ferry at Fauntleroy Way sw.  and Westwood village mall.  15 mins. to downtown seattle, 2 block to bus, on bus 120 or 131 will take you to downtown seattle. My neighborhood are friendly.  This cozy home take you walk to the bus around two to three block. There are bus taking you to downtown of Seattle, Pike Place Market.   Bus 120 or 131.    There 4 miles up to Alki beach, 3 miles to Beveridge place pub and some other coffee cafe and shop on California  ave.  My housemate, living in his own bedroom to share this house.  He is deaf, anyone know ASL (American Sign Language).  Would be nice. :) Just-finished remodeled MIL unit with a huge bedroom, walk-in closet, full bath, kitchenette, and common area with a small TV/DVD player. The windows are huge, and the place also has its own off-street parking spot and private entry. The house is halfway between SeaTac airport and downtown Seattle, so this is a perfect spot for relaxing while visiting the city from afar. We love families, and the space is designed for families with kids. The bedroom has 1 king bed, and 1 twin bed, with room for a pack-n-play. Let us know if you need to borrow a pack-n-play while you're visiting. We are just finishing this remodel, so there are still a couple of rough edges. We'll soon add a backsplash to the kitchenette, a prettier door, and a few other finishing touches. None of our work will impact your stay, however. We'll only do work when we don't have guests staying with us. You'll have access to the entire MIL unit, which is about 800 square feet. If you also want access to the laundry area, tha. CIAO!! I have a lovely studio apartment on the ground level of my house. It's newly remodeled. Very private, quiet, and bright. You'll have the place to yourself, but if you need anything, I live upstairs!   There's TV, WiFi and FM/AM radio. The studio appartament is comfortable and cozy. The bed is a Queen-size.   Additional Amenities:  Fully stocked kitchen  Hair dryer (on request)  Large back yard  Friendly neighbors  Out Door Firepit*  Gas BBQ*  *(Must have permission in advance to use)   The House has a central heating system (the control unit is located in the upper level of the house). There is an additional heater that can be turned on or off as you like.   There is a small kitchen with double burner, microwave, refrigerator, and coffee maker with free coffee!  The refrigirator is stocked with water and soda.   Full Bathroom with bathtub. All sheets, towels, paper supplies for kitchen and bath are supplied, as well as towels and bed linens.   If you have special needs, pleaseVisit a diverse working class neighborhood tucked into the SE corner of West Seattle, close to the airport & 15-20 min away from downtown by car.  Stay at our private, accessible 1 bedroom apartment in the basement of our home. Highlights include: * Separate bedroom and living area, both with sleeping areas * Kitchen equipped with roll under sink and induction stove top, microwave /convection oven, refrigerator and freezer and Keurig coffee maker. * Extra large bathroom with roll in shower, shower bench and sturdy grab bars * WIFI, TV, Gas fireplace, keyless entry *Access to parking, walk to buses THE DETAILS:  READ ALL ABOUT IT: Stay at our private, bright, comfortable apartment located in the basement of our home, complete with bedroom, kitchen, bathroom and living area and 8 foot high ceilings. Walk down a gentle sloping ramp, rolling your luggage from the driveway to a separate, zero threshold entry through 3 foot wide doorways.  Press the numerical code to enter your separate, priEnjoy your stay at our trendy chic studio basement.  Comfortably fits two to four people (Aerobed provided) and is minutes away from the airport and downtown Seattle! See you soon! Our basement studio unit is perfect for a quick getaway to Seattle. The space is an open studio layout.  The bedroom is divided from the living room by a sliding divider. On the opposite end, there is enough space for us to provide an extra air bed with bedding. Although it is a basement, we have plenty of windows to make our place bright and very comfortable. We like to give our guests their privacy however, we live right upstairs if needed. We are happy to give recommendations to restaurants, shops, hikes or anything you need. If we are not available, we are just a phone call away.  There's room for parking and a bus stop two blocks away. Guest Access: Guests will have access to the basement area including the kitchenette and laundry area.  They are also welcome to use the backyard.  Interaction with GuestLooking for something close to the city, but away from the hustle and bustle? Want to feel at home when you're away from home? Come enjoy a stay in the eclectic community of West Seattle! My comfy little 1.5 story house is on a quiet, residential street with convenient, free off/on street parking. Additionally, the bus line going directly to Seattle is one block away (20-30 minute ride). The downstairs room has a queen bed, armoire with drawers (upper shelves have TV and DVD player), a small desk and chair, mini fridge, microwave, and a large closet. It is light and bright but has room darkening blinds for those of you accustomed to sleeping late! Fresh bed linens are supplied. Towels and washcloths are provided for the bathroom. Please note: There is only one bathroom in the house, so it IS SHARED. Wireless internet is available. I have a PS3 for you gamers out there. As well as a decent selection of games. Or bring your own! In the mornings I have assorted teas, and instant/regular cCozy two bedroom home, with spacious bathroom and full kitchen. House features a finished deck, surrounded by a lovely garden. The Highland Park neighborhood is filled with easy to reach parks, and is a 15 minute drive to downtown Seattle. A great summer house. Close to 99, 599 and I-5. It's interesting and diverse. Easy busing for downtown. Large driveway and easy street parking. 15 minutes to downtown Seattle, Capitol Hill.Situated in one of Seattle's most interesting neighborhoods, our place is located 15 minutes North of Seatac Airport, and 10 minutes SW of Downtown Seattle.  Peace and quiet at the house, or excitement just around the corner! Our space is unique not only because of its central location but also because it just has a nice feel to it.  There are properties in Seattle that have this.  It might be the big trees, or the urban wildlife, or quite honestly the earth underneath.  Maybe the awesome sunsets over the mountains.  What ever it is, this place has it! We have a hottub available by request. We are business owners and so a bit busy!  But just ask and we are more than happy to arrange a dinner or cocktail hour!  Oh, or coffee on the deck! This neighborhood, specifically, Highland Park, is located in West Seattle.  What I have always loved about it is that it is diverse and vibrant.  My neighbors are all very interesting.  I can go for a walk or a bike ride and feel very comfortable. Yes.Our beautiful craftman is conveniently located 15 mins from the airport and 15 mins from downtown Seattle! Your private room has Cable TV, hardwood floors,  and Free Wifi! The space outside of the room is shared with our family of 4 and 2 dogs. I have a beautiful private room and bathroom available in a friendly residential neighborhood. I'm the bus line to Downtown Seattle. The airport is about 20-30 min by car. I provide breakfast essentials and some snacks as well as a cozy  bed. We have a room available in our townhouse. It is located in Highland Park, West Seattle, which is a 20 min drive or 40 min bus ride to Downtown Seattle.  I am on the bus line that goes into downtown Seattle.  Its a friendly residential area with street parking.  This is a private room and bathroom on the 1st floor. The kitchen and living room is a shared space with me and my son.  The house gets lots of natural light and is very inviting. I have some amenities for children, so this is a great location for children  This neighborhood is on a main road. There are a couple of parks within walking distance. There is a bus into downtown.    There are not any stores or restaurants within walking distance, but if you have a car there is a Target and QFC Well appointed 1500 s.f. 2bd West Seattle home with private parking is perfectly positioned just 10 min from downtown Seattle, Alki Beach & Sea-Tac Airport. 1/2 block from major bus routes. A great base camp for all your Seattle exploring!  Our home is comfortable and efficient, tastefully appointed with eclectic art and furnishings. Feel free to play the piano or the various percussion instruments lying about. Kitchen, Laundry, parking available in the alley driveway or on the street. Office and attic are off limits, but the rest of the home is open for business. You are on your own! We may cross paths at the beginning or end of your stay, but most likely not. At the south end of West Seattle lies White Center, an ethnically diverse neighborhood with TONS of great food for adventurous foodies. A little farther out, the Junction in West Seattle is a great area to explore as is the Georgetown nightlife. Check out our guidebook for examples!  Major bus lines to the Junction or Downtown oCute 1950's apartment in the exclusive Madison Park neighborhood. Only a block away from the Madison Park "mini downtown" where you will find restaurants, bars, shops, spas, a bakery, post office, fitness studio and grocery store. Seattle bus route 11 stops right in front of the apartment, it's a direct line to Capitol Hill and Downtown, stopping off blocks from Pike's Place Market! Our comfortable living room futon is available for you to sleep on. We provide clean sheets, pillows, blankets, and towels. You can use the bathroom, kitchen, living room, and patio garden. If you plan to use our kitchen cookware please clean up after yourself. The house has a shared coin op washer and dryer you can use. There is FREE street parking right in front of the house! Since we do also reside in the apartment we will be around and happy to suggest places to see, where to eat, and whatever else you might want to know about staying in Seattle.  I have a blog post about my favorite spots in Seattle: (This is a very special condo overlooking Lake Washington in the much desired Madison Park Neighborhood. This private room and bath is on the top floor of a condo four blocks north of the public beach and amongst numerous restaurants and shops. This is a very special luxury condo overlooking Lake Washington in the much desired Madison Park Neighborhood. This private room and bath is on the top floor of a condo four blocks north of the public beach and amongst numerous restaurants and shops. The condo is three miles from Downtown and comes with a secure parking spot.  The kitchen is fully stocked. There is wifi, washer and dryer, television. Public Transportation is also available as it is on a bus line that connects Lake Washington up and over capitol hill into downtown and the Seattle Waterfront.  There are numerous restaurants within walking distance. All of the condo except for my bedroom is accessible and available. I will be available as much or as little as you need me. This condoA quiet space for you at only 15 minutes from downtown Seattle by bus, and walking distance to a beach area. Close by a beautiful biking trail along Lake Wa, towards Sewer Park. Japanese Gardens at a walking distance. Oh and it's at 5 minutes from UW. It is extremely quiet, both at night and during the day. I keep it very neat . I'm not at home very much. For work reasons, as also for school. Quiet and cozy and with a lots of  beautiful nature nearby . Bus number 11 that leaves right from outside the apartment and will bring to downtown Seattle in one straight shot in only 15 minutes.This is a cute and cozy mother in law apt. in the basement of our Madison Park home. The bedroom has an extremely comfortable queen size bed and walk in closet. The living room is furnished with couch, chairs and desk. We have a fully functioning kitchen with it's own stovetop, oven, microwave, fridge, coffee maker and grinder. A selection of teas and coffee will be provided. There is a full bathroom with shower. Washer & dryer -shared with us- available by request. Madison Park is one of Seattle's most popular neighborhoods in both the summer and winter. Enjoy a walk along Lake Washington or a swim at the city's most popular urban beach - just a block away. There are many great restaurants and shops, a pharmacy and grocery store all within a 3 block radius.  There is free on-street parking in the neighborhood and usually there are free spots directly in front of our house. However, in the summertime on hot days the parking can be a challenge as we are only 1 block from a very popular Come enjoy our adorable apartment in the heart of down town Madison Park. We are within walking distance to dozens of restaurants, Starbucks, Red Apple Market, Madison Park & the Lake Washington. Our apartment is cozy and eclectic! We have one bedroom {Queen size bed}, and what we like to call the Harry Potter closet bedroom, this room has a futon that will fit one guest {Kids LOVE this tiny room}. Our recliner chair is one of my favorites. Dinning room table fits four. Desk space for any work/projects that need to be done. Guests in our home have access to free street parking and our building laundry room. Madison Park has so many wonderful shops and restaurants to enjoy, as well as the park and waterfront within walking distance. We don't live on site so all interactions will be via phone calls, text or email. Our neighborhood is quiet, safe and full of friendly faces. Anything you could possibly need is within walking distance. If you wish to leave Madison Park the bus runs from jusThis 4 bedroom Cape Cod has charm to spare!  Located in desirable Madison Park just steps to restaurants, shops, and arboretum.  10 minutes by bus or car to downtown Seattle.  Comfortable & beautiful home includes fireplace, yard, and home theatre. 1930s Cape Cod with original charm and modern amenities.  The home has 4 bedrooms (4th doubles as a movie room) and 2.5 bathrooms.   The living room has a wood-burning fireplace, television, books, and games.  Gourmet kitchen is fully stocked with cooking and dining ware and has an eat-in kitchen area and breakfast bar.  Dining room features original Danish modern dining furniture that expands to accommodate 8 comfortably.   One main floor bedroom has a king size bed and large closet.  One bedroom upstairs has a king size bed, and the other a queen.  Two full baths with tub/shower are stocked with essential toiletries. The basement features  a home theatre with easy-to-operate projector with 10 foot screen.  Enjoy access to our extensive colLake & Mountain views paired with the best central Seattle location just steps to the popular Madison beach and over 10 restaurants. Nicely appointed accommodations, King bed, minutes to UW, Capitol Hill or Downtown Seattle. Attentive on-site owners. This unit is in addition to other furnished flexible term housing that has been successfully operated by the same owners since 2004. We have made every effort to provide all of the essentials that you will find in most homes to make your short or long term stay as comfortable as possible. We strictly enforce a no smoking, no pets policy. LIVING ROOM FEATURES:  Italian leather sofa  Desk and paper shredder HDTV with HBO and Encore movie channels and a DVD player  Views of Lake Washington, and the Cascade Mountains.  Complimentary high speed wireless Internet access  Air conditioned for your comfort FULLY ACCESSORIZED KITCHEN FOR GUESTS THAT ENJOY COOKING INCLUDES:  Dining table Full size stove and range  Disposal  Dishwasher  Refrigerator/f2+ Bedroom Madison Park bungalow. Master bedroom has a king bed, queen in 2nd bedroom, basement has a futon. Hardwood floors. Stainless appliances. One block to lake, shops, restaurants, and grocery store. Great holiday rental. Pet friendly.Spacious, beautifully decorated 3500 sf home. On a private golf course, in premiere gated community. Built in 1930, it has since been remodeled and updated, while maintaining its original character. Ideal for those visiting area friends/relatives. The entire home (with the exception of 1 bedroom) is yours to enjoy. We have a family friend who is staying in one of the 3 bedrooms, so you will have someone on premise to assist with any questions or needs. Broadmoor is a gated community located in the Madison Park neighborhood of Seattle. Broadmoor is bound to the south by East Madison Street, on the north by Union Bay, on the west by The Washington Park Arboretum and on the east by 37th Avenue, beyond which is the Madison Park neighborhood. Known for its beautiful homes, exclusivity and 115-acre fairway, the Broadmoor Golf Course and Club (opened in 1927) the residential area is anything but ordinary. The stately homes and picturesque setting that grace Broadmoor are highly sought after aThis is a one bedroom, modern apartment with living and dining room views of Lake Washington and views of a gorgeous gardens and courtyard. The bedroom has a full sized bed. The beach, park and bus are steps away. The apartment is still open today ( Saturday) Sunday and Monday! Both the living and dining rooms have unobstructed views of Lake Washington with a dock down on the water which includes tables and chairs and a private swimming area off the dock. No grilling allowed. On clear days, Mt. Rainier is clearly visible. This is a one bedroom apartment with a full sized (not queen or larger) bed with a complete dining room set with all kitchen utensils and cups, plates, etc for 2-3 people. There is NO dishwasher and NO microwave. The apartment is spotless, bright and attractive. The TV has cable and some (not all) preminum channels. Coin operated washing machines and dryers are available but in a separate laundry room, not in the apartment. I will not be available in person but I am iEnjoy your stay in our clean and tidy updated home in the quaint neighborhood of Madison Park in Seattle. Just a few blocks to Lake Washington, shops and restaurants.  One bedroom on main level, laundry available too. Dogs welcome! Our home is clean, quiet and very pleasant. Guests will have access to full kitchen, 2 full baths, laundry, living room, dining room, study and library.  There is also an additional tv room in lower level. We will be out of town Great for walking to the beach, restaurants and shops. Yes, very convenient to catch a bus just a block away Lakefront apartment with private room. Cozy full kitchen for use. Quiet, safe area: street parking, Starbucks, pool, beach, grocery store, pubs, a 6 block walk. Bus stop is 1 block away. Be at Pike Place Market in 20mins. Capitol Hill is 12 minutes. On the waterfront with lots of windows, you will have comfortable private bedroom with a Queen bed. And access to use kitchen and bath. The apartment is non-smoking--100%. Internet upon request. Get to Capitol Hill in 12 minutes and downtown in 20 mins. Bus stop is 1/2 a block away. Park is 2 blocks away. Washer available for stays one week or longer. Parking is on the street right next to complex. We meet at check in and/or check out. Madison Park is a stunning neighborhood with pubs, restaurants and boutiques. You can sit on the patio overlooking Lake Washington and see ships pass under the floating bridge to Microsoft land. There are public beaches, Starbucks, banks, grocery store and parks a short walking distance away that buzz in the Lake & Mtn views in the best central Seattle location; steps to the popular Madison beach & over 10 cafe's. Refined accommodations, A/C, pvt deck & BBQ, HDTV, King bed, Queen sleeper, minutes to UW, Capitol Hill & Downtown. Attentive on-site owners. This unit is in addition to other furnished flexible term housing that has  been successfully operated by the same owners since 2004. A you tube video tour of this unit can be found by searching: (URL HIDDEN) Furnished Seattle Rentals Deluxe Lakeside Suite We have made every effort to provide all of the essentials that you will find in most homes to make your short or long term stay as comfortable as possible. We strictly enforce a no smoking, no pets policy. LIVING ROOM FEATURES:  Leather Queen sleeper sofa  Dining table HDTV with Encore movie channels and a DVD player  Views of Lake Washington, and the Cascade Mountains.  Complimentary high speed wireless Internet access  Air conditioned for your comfort FULLY ACCESSORIZED KITCHEN FOR GUEQuaint apartment perfectly situated for the perfect Seattle experience.  Minutes from Downtown. Neighbors Capitol Hill allowing your trip peace and convenience. The Arboretum is nearly your backyard with Madison Park Beach down the hill.  Our sunny Mid Century Apartment is colorful and full of style. Beautiful view of Capitol Hill. This is a one bedroom apartment with a full sized bed. Air Mattress available upon request.  Please use our small but mighty kitchen! One closet will be available for your things but the other storage closets are off limits. Wish we could meet you but we will be out of town.  We love Madison Park. Some of Seattle's best restaurants within walking distance. Our favorite pizza 'Pagliacci Pizza' is down the street. 'Café Flora' for Brunch, 'Cactus' for dinner. Try there Butternut Squash enchilada. Delicious. Amazing food in our neighborhood, not to mention the parks! The Arboretum is a Northwest Treasure. Trails connecting you to Lake Washington. Beautiful retrExtremely clean private bedroom with queen bed, private closet, TV, private balcony and private bathroom. Media room on the same floor. Kitchen and living room accessible. Can welcome up to 4 persons upon demand in another bedroom. Three story house with a private floor for guests. Private entrance, Balcony and patio with BBQ and design outdoor furniture. Guests will be able to access the entire house including the outdoor patio, the kitchen, the media room, except the third floor and roof top. I live in the house and will be able to provide breakfast and dinner (upon demand and extra charges).  I'm writing a cook book so be my guest and try my French dishes.... Madison Park is a lovely grassy park on the shores of Lake Washington, south of the Evergreen Point Bridge. The park features a bathhouse and swimming beach that is patrolled by lifeguards during the summer. Madison Park residents work hard to make their neighborhood quiet, friendly, and relaxed. Their grassy park slopes down tThis listing is for our 2 bedroom / 1.5 bathroom condo in the best neighborhood in Seattle- Madison Park. It features one queen size bed, one full size bed, and a couch, leaving room for 5 people to stay. You will have full access to our condo, including 2BR, 1.5 bath, Kitchen and Living area. We will be available by phone, email, or text at all times during your stay. We will also any information you are in need of, including bus schedules, restaurants, and other helpful tips about exploring Seattle. Just ask and we will do our best to point you the right direction! Madison Park is one of the most desired neighborhoods in Seattle. It features two of the most popular public beaches in the city. Also features MANY different restaurants, all within 1-2 blocks of our condo. Even more restaurants are available less than one mile up Madison Street in Madison Valley. There is a playground just a block away, tennis courts, great jogging routes, and gorgeous scenery of the North Cascade MountaPrivate room for guests in Lakefront Apartment. Cozy Kitchen and livingroom for use. Quiet, safe area: street parking, Starbucks, beach, grocery store, pubs, 5 block walk. Bus stop is 1 block away and rides to Pike Place Market in 20mins.This is the top floor apartment in a Crafstman triplex on Capitol Hill. It's in a quiet, residential neighborhood, but very conveniently located near many urban amenities - cafes, restaurants, bars, buslines, parks, a natural food co-op, supermarket. There is a large bedroom and a small one, bathroom with tiled, heated floor and clawfoot tub.  The kitchen is cozy, but has a skylight and all you need to cook.  There is access to a nice garden, with a deck and hammock in back.  There is a view of the Cascade from one of the bedrooms, and lots of natural light throughout the space.  I will post more current photos soon; the space is a bit more minimally furnished right now. The whole top floor of the house is a separate apartment.  If you'll need access to laundry that can be arranged easily; just let me know, particularly if you have an extended stay.  The entrance to the top floor is via a spiral staircase. I am sometimes here, and happy to help if anything comes up. If not, I can easilThis comfortable one bedroom, one bathroom apartment is located in the Hilltop neighborhood, and is right by the Group Health Capitol Hill Campus. It's in the Whitworth Apartment complex, a classic brick building on a residential street. The Space This comfortable one bedroom, one bathroom apartment is located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood, and is right by the Group Health Capitol Hill Campus. It's in the Whitworth Apartment complex, a classic brick building on a residential street.  The Neighborhood A community founded in the late 1940s, Hilltop is known for its classic mid-century modern architecture. Compared to other Seattle neighborhoods, it's a quieter and more subdued area. Still, there's plenty to see, do, and explore! Nearby neighborhoods include Capitol Hill, Miller Park, and First Hill.  Getting Around There are several bus lines all within walking distance of the apartment. The Group Health Capitol Hill Campus is just a block away. If you have a car, the I-5 Expressway iThis spacious, airy, mid-century modern two bed + den / two bath townhome is close to the city, yet a world apart.  Close to bus and bike lanes into the city, historic volunteer park, and right off swanky 15th street, it is a walker's paradise, a vacationer's basecamp and a commuter's dream. Just minutes away from 2 grocery stores, 4 cafes, and some of Seattle's best food (Smiths!) and watering holes (Liberty and Hopvine), this place is wonderful for weekend getaways or long-term visits. Designed by G-projects, this new townhome build in 2015 following sustainable and green building materials and practices, You can have the entire place to yourself! If we're renting our place it means we're probably traveling... We'll help answer questions as much as possible and happy to give you a grand tour and plenty of recommendations when you enter. Right off 15th street and close to volunteer park, the neighborhood is full of great walking streets, food, groceries, and just close enough to town The apt is on a quiet street, but still has access to all the amenities of Capitol Hill! The apt itself is spacious - 2 bedroom, full 1 bath, large living room, and a great balcony with views of the Cascades Mountains. The apt is spacious with lots of natural light. Two bedrooms - both with full sized beds, and a large bathroom.  The kitchen is fully stocked for your use. If you choose to eat in, there is a large dinning room table that can host 6 people.  Note, we do not have a TV.  The balcony and the views are probably the best part of the apt - or at least it's our favorite part! Great neighborhood - it's central, but on a quiet street. Fantastic restaurants within a 5 minute walk include:  Tallulah's Monsoon Coastal Kitchen Ernest Loves Anges  Plus many, many more and bars and shops.   Walking distance to Volunteer Park, which is beautiful! Public transit is incredible in this area, and we are nearby many bus lines.  Parking is not included, but street parking is relatively easy wBeautifully furnished townhome with large private garage –  floor to ceiling windows with lots of light - black-out shades in Master Bedroom (view of top of Mt. Rainier)  - hardwood floors, granite counter tops, fireplace, washer/dryer -  deck/garden This unusual architecture with floor to ceiling windows and incredible light makes this space special. The large private garage is a special bonus. Large private garage between E. John and E. Thomas - automatic garage door opener makes easy access I welcome my guests and make sure all your questions are answer for an incredible stay The neighbor hood is full of interesting restaurants and shops - easy access to downtown Seattle convenient bus routes only a block awayOur space is a mix of a hostel and a home. We are a group of long-term residents & subletors who welcome short term guests. This is the house to meet folks whether you are moving to town or traveling through. The house offers quiet and social spaces. Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond their time in our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  Our space is a mix of a hostel and a home. We are a group of long-term residents & subletors who welcome short term guests. This is the house to meet folks whether you are moving to town or traveling through. The house offers quiet and social spaces. Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond their time in our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  Our home is a mix between hostel and home. We are a mix of long term roommates, short term subletors and airbnb guests. We enjoy the house as a way to meet folks from around the world at home. Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond their time in our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  This is a shared room with up to 7 other people who are alOur space is a mix of a hostel and a home. We are a group of long-term residents & subletors who welcome short term guests. This is the house to meet folks whether you are moving to town or traveling through. The house offers quiet and social spaces. Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond their time in our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  Our home is a mix between a hostel and a home. We have a mix of long term roommates, short term subletors and airbnb guests are our house. We enjoy getting to know the world at home! Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond their time in our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  This is a shared room with up to 7 other people who are all staying Our space is a mix of a hostel and a home. We are a group of long-term residents & subletors who welcome short term guests. This is the house to meet folks whether you are moving to town or traveling through. The house offers quiet and social spaces. Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  This is a sharPrivate bedroom in a 1908 Victorian awaits your arrival!  Sleeps 2 people. The home sits on a quiet street steps away from two parks and public transit options. Central in the city to all the hot spots. Cozy radiant heat, two huge windows, laundry. Natural light brightens this space, which has updated colors and new furnishings, including an incredibly comfy new queen bed.  Bedroom is located on the 2nd floor and is most suitable for up to 2 people.  The location is outstanding; close to tasty eateries and fun night life but a few streets away from the noise and parking challenges sometimes associated with Capitol Hill.  Although over 100 years old, the house is brand new again after going through an extensive renovation which finished May 10, 2015. The bathroom has full tub and heated floors. Guests have access to the front porch, back yard patio, hall bathroom (host has his own), shared kitchen, common living areas and access to laundry, which is on the bedroom floor. The street has Nestled in Capitol Hill, on a quiet street just a few blocks away from Zagat rated dining, cafe's, shopping, nightlife and a vibrant music scene. This locally prized urban inn offers modern amenities, friendly hospitality and modest rates. Come see! A queen room with shared bath on the lower level of the guest home. Separate entrance allows for convenient access. Rate EXCLUDES BREAKFAST SERVICE and PARKING on purpose to keep the rate the lowest. Be advised that the ceiling height of our lower floor rooms is 6'5".   We offer several sizes of guest rooms to accommodate every traveler. Our most popular room is the Corner Queen with shared bath but we also offer a smaller rooms with a double bed or twin bed perfect for the single traveler and easier on the budget. If you are traveling with a friend and would like separate beds, please inquire about our rooms with two beds. Please ask about our 420 friendly rooms as well. The main living room and covered porch is also available for relaxingAs transplants from sunny San Diego, CA, we have brought our love for the ocean to our new home in the Pacific Northwest, resulting in a beautiful blend that we call home! Enjoy views from our large windows, the lovely garden, or cozy up by the fire! Our home is a unique blend of our California and North Carolina roots and our new-found love for the Pacific Northwest. We keep our space simple and clean leaving room to breathe, think, and be merry! Guests will have access to all of the public spaces in the house as well as the yard and the coin-operated laundry on the property. We welcome guests to use our kitchen and its amenities with an understanding that they'll respect our belongings per the rules listed below. We love to get to know our guests! For us that is half the fun, but we also have full-time jobs and try to be considerate of our guests' time and space. If you need to lay low for a big meeting the next day, we will leave you to it, but if you'd like to go for a drink in theOur extra bedroom is perfect for your Seattle stay. In the heart of Capitol Hill, you are a few blocks away from restaurants, coffee shops, shopping, and nightlife. Street parking available and public transportation is a block away (namely busses 43 & 8). What's ours is yours! Our apartment is clean and modern. We are neat, and keep the guest room immaculate. The best part about our space is the location. A short walk from both 15th Ave and Broadway, Capitol Hill could entertain for weeks. Need more? Downtown is only a mile walk down the hill--or take the convenient public transportation! Guests will have access to our kitchen, bathroom, and main family room. We have great internet, a number of DVD's, Netflix, and HBO if you need a chill night in. There is also a quarter-operated laundry room around the corner. We are happy to interact as much or as little as you would like. If you need restaurant recommendations, have questions about public transportation, or are looking for somethingLocated on a quiet street full of single family homes with lots of street parking just a short 25 minute walk (or 10 minute bus ride) to downtown Seattle). You stay in the primary bedroom of a lovingly well-preserved 100-year old home. It features a large walk-in shower and a claw foot bathroom. The bedroom contains a small fridge, a microwave and an electric kettle. My guests are welcome to use common areas: the kitchen, dinning room and living room. I have an exercise mat, an exercise bike, boca ball in part of the living room. I also have two brand new mountain bikes for my guests, as well as two tennis rackets just in case you would like to go play tennis in the courts in the park that is two blocks away. I am not new to airbnb, rather I have just rented out my condo and moved back into my house. I moved last month with the intension that I would rent a room on airbnb. My home is located on Capitol Hill, the nicest part of Seattle with homes that sell for millions of dollars. In faA quaint 2 story townhome with your private bath.We are renting out a private room in Capitol Hill with a full airbed while our fourth roommate is out of the country.  With mountain and lake views and easy access to a ton of parks and bars,  this is a low-key spot that's a great place to crash! The house is old and not particularly fancy but you won't find your own room in Capitol Hill for much cheaper than this! If you're looking for somewhere to crash in a a great neighborhood, then this is the spot for you. You'll have your own room, and access to the washer, dryer, kitchen, bathroom (there's only one), and living room if you so please. We all work during the day, so our interaction may very well be limited, but I or my roommates would be happy to give you recommendations on parks, bars, things to do, bus routes, etc. We are located in a residential neighborhood near 23rd Ave between Madison Valley and Capitol Hill. 3 blocks from the arboretum, less than a mile from volunteer park, and less than 2 miles from the bars/restaurants oNicknamed "The Tree House," this home is tucked into a cluster of trees with a beautiful view of sunrise over Lake Washington. Steps away from major buses, downtown and art districts, and (now legal) pot shops, this is the perfect place to hang! The space is bright, open, warm, creative, and home. The room can accommodate two very comfortably, is fully (and well) furnished, with a thriving amount of art on display and in use. There is a full bathroom, shared with one other, and a spacious kitchen opening up into a large living room. A washer and dryer are also available, upon request. The entrance is private, shared with one other. I am the other resident, and have a very flexible schedule that changes frequently. Because of that, I am able to offer all kinds of recommendations for must-experience spots. As a full-time artist, I'm especially able to offer guidance concerning the city's exploding live and performing art scene. This "tree house" is tucked in a cluster of trees just stepsAmple on street parking and access via metro to all the happening places in Seattle, literally steps from the front door. Our 1918 Craftsman has a cozy basement pull-out bed, with full access to bath, laundry, and kitchen. Plus, a corgi! Full in-house laundry, full kitchen with stove, oven, microwave, and dishwasher, full bath with tub. Towels, sheets, and basic toiletries provided. Free Wi-Fi and projector, corgi in house.  Both the 8 and 43 buses stop right across the street, each with the ability to take you directly downtown, to Seattle Center, the heart of Capitol Hill, the University of Washington and beyond. This home is only available for an 11-night stay from 8/24 through 11/4.Nestled in Capitol Hill, on a quiet street just a few blocks away from Zagat rated dining, cafe's, shopping, nightlife and a vibrant music scene. This locally prized urban inn offers modern amenities, friendly hospitality and modest rates. Come see! We offer several sizes of guest rooms to accommodate every traveler. Our most popular room is this Corner Queen with shared bath but we also offer a smaller room with double bed perfect for the single traveler and easier on the budget. If you are traveling with a friend and would like separate beds, please inquire about our rooms with two beds. Please ask about our 420 friendly rooms as well. The main living room and covered porch is also available for relaxing and socializing. Parking is included in the rate.  As much or as little as you like. We are experienced innkeepers and have a knack for providing the appropriate amount of assistance without being intrusive. I am a Seattle native and I love my city. Capitol Hill is a vibrant area thaNestled in Capitol Hill, on a quiet street just a few blocks away from Zagat rated dining, cafe's, shopping, nightlife and a vibrant music scene. This locally prized urban inn offers modern amenities, friendly hospitality and modest rates. Come see! We offer several sizes of guest rooms to accommodate every traveler. This listing is for a quiet hideaway located on the top floor with some peek a boo views of the lake and mountains. The room offers a double bed and a shared bath suitable for one guest. Air conditioning is available during the summer months.  We also offer larger rooms with queen bed or rooms with two beds for friends or families traveling together. Additional accommodations can be viewed on our Bed & Breakfast Inn Seattle web site. The main living room and covered porch is also available for relaxing and socializing. Parking is included in the rate. As much or as little as you like. We are experienced innkeepers and have a knack for providing the appropriate amount of asAn upper floor room with queen bed and shared bath. Access to a shared balcony offers guests a sitting area and expansive lake and mountain views. Two shared baths are located just across the hallway. Upper floor queen room with balcony access and shared bath. Breakfast and parking are included. Balcony offers sitting area and views of Lake Washington, Mt. Rainier and the Cascade Mountain Range. Although cigarette smoking is not permitted in the room or on the balcony, we are 420 friendly.  We just ask that you consume outside while keeping door to the room closed, that you are considerate with our furnishings and tidy up after yourself. Welcome to Seattle! We offer several sizes of guest rooms to accommodate every traveler. Our most popular room is the queen with shared bath but we also offer a smaller room with double bed perfect for the single traveler and easier on the budget. If you are traveling with a friend and would like separate beds, please inquire about our rooms with two bCentrally located in Madison Valley, this spa suite will delight and invigorate you.  Queen bed, walk in steam shower, kitchenette.  Quick jaunt to Madison Valley restaurants and shops.  5 min. Uber to Cap Hill.  Private back patio. Walk score of 88 This lower level suite has a private entry/patio and is quintessential Seattle!  The custom full bath features a large steam shower--put on some spa music (shower is equipped with sound system) sit down in the steam room and relax and unwind!  Kitchenette equipped with full sized sink, coffee maker, toaster, microwave, induction cooktop, and kitchen table.  Walk to restaurants, the Washington Park Arboretum, Japanese Gardens, Capitol Hill.  Minutes to Madison Park (beach) downtown and First Hill hospitals.  Easy access to all highways--520, I-90 and I-5. Guests access the suite by walking down the stairs along the house to the back patio where there is a sliding glass door.  The suite is the entire lower level of a three story home. Owners Private bedroom, bath, spacious living area and partial kitchen just steps from Volunteer Park on quiet North Capitol Hill street. Minutes from Seattle attractions, cafes & restaurants, public transit! Private lower side entrance to downstairs "suite" in remodeled Capitol Hill home. Comfortable bedroom with queen bed, private full bath. Use of partial kitchen downstairs and very spacious lounge area. You are welcome to use Wifi & Netflix We are empty nesters that live upstairs. Happy to share suggestions for your adventures in Seattle or WA state, great restaurants in the area, advice for getting around. North Capitol Hill is very convenient to urban Seattle happenings but is blocks off busy areas and nestled between beautiful parks and charming Victorian homes. Volunteer Park is a two minute walk and Interlaken park just a 4 minute walk. Lakeview cemetery, resting place of Bruce Lee, is just 1 block away. Views of Cascade Mountains to the east and downtown/Olympic Mountains to the wesOur vintage, high ceiling apartment provides the best place to stay in the heart of all that is Capitol Hill, directly next to the popular 15th avenue shops and nightlife. Our back room provides a sunny loft feel with windows on all sides!  Guests have access to private back bedroom and shared restroom. Guests can also access shared living space, front deck, and full kitchen. Free parking for those that need it! This is our home! We will make sure you are comfortable in the private back area, provide towels and access to the home. We are up to show you around town or grab a drink pending schedule (or just stay out of your way if you prefer). GREAT part of town! Quiet, but very close to all the best in bars, night life, restaurants, parks and more. There is a tennis court and sports field right next to the home. Bus routes galore! We are next to plenty of major bus route stops so you can easily get around Seattle. We own one cat named Kevin. He is super friendly!The Foxglove Guesthouse, an intimate bed and breakfast, is a lovingly restored authentic Arts and Crafts house furnished with period furniture. This room: a large bay window provides north light, w/ a queen size bed; private bathroom w/ tiled floor. The Foxglove Guesthouse, an intimate bed and breakfast, is a lovingly restored 1905 "Seattle Box." This is an authentic Arts and Crafts house furnished with period furniture, American art pottery and Northwest Native American art. It offers the perfect blend of tranquility, privacy and accessibility. Our room rates include a fresh, seasonal continental breakfast.  This sunny room overlooks the backyard garden. A large bay window provides north light as well. It has a queen-size bed; the private bathroom has a tiled shower; comes with in-room refrigerator, voice mail, wireless internet and cable television. A seasonal continental breakfast is served in the dining room daily. We have an outstanding rating on sites like TripAdvisor and Yelp anCharming little get-away in Seattle's best neighborhood. Lower level of a beautiful old church, private entrance, walk to everything. Completely furnished, just bring your toothbrush! Quiet location, but one family lives upstairs. This is a 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment in the lower level of an old mansion in Capitol Hill, Seattle. Classic furnishings and decor add to the cozy atmosphere. The suite has a private entrance, small patio and Southern exposure. It is completely furnished with a Queen-sized bed, all linens, sheets, pillows, coverlets and towels. The bathroom has a small tiled bath with shower.   NOTE: No smoking of anything at any time, anywhere on the property!  The house is located in a residential neighborhood on Capitol Hill, within walking distance to several great restaurants and coffee shops. It's also two blocks from the busline to Downtown Seattle, about 2 miles to the UW and near the Connector Bus that takes you to Microsoft. Take a 15 minute stroll to WashingtonCome relax in this beautifully designed, modern studio in an amazing location with all the amenities.  Right on main bus line with direct buses to UW, Downtown, and Capitol Hill. Walking distance to the arboretum. Features: Rain shower Mud room Newly built and beautifully designed, the space is the perfect size for your stay. The TV has full access to cable and Netflix and turns on a swivel to allow viewing from the comfort of your bed. There is also my personal favorite, a rain shower (and a standard hand shower head) with excellent water pressure and heat.  Other features: - Large Closet - Mud Room - Washer/Dryer - Convection Oven - Up to 2 car parking (right most lane of driveway) The entire studio with a separate entrance is yours to use. The 43 and 47 bus arrives at the intersection of Prospect and 24th. The 43 will take you downtown (43 South) or to University of Washington (43 North) depending on the direction.  For bus timing, use the awesome Seattle app OneBusAway (URL HIDDEN)Stylish, modern 1 Bedroom, freestanding studio on Capitol Hill (new construction).  Numerous restaurants, coffee shops, and shopping within walking distance.  Central location, easily assessable to all of Capitol Hill and Seattle. Well designed, clean, free standing studio - the entire space was gutted and remodeled 2 years ago.  The bed is a high end wall bed--it is NOT a sofa bed.  The sofa is actually underneath the bed, which means that when you pull out the bed (or put away) you do not need to move a sofa or chair around, so it is easy and fast to switch from sitting/lounging to sleeping.  You can also put the bed away fully made (but must take off the pillows). The Studio is behind our house - you can easily see it from the street on the right hand side of the house.  Just walk up the driveway and thru the gates and you will see 524B. Unless we are away, we are more than happy to help you in anyway we can--especially if you are new to Seattle and would like some advice on the citWalk to coffee shops and Seattle's best restaurants from this quiet, fully equipped, cozy 1-BR apartment with queen-size bed. Free street parking, quiet, tree lined street. Three bus stops within a few blocks will take you anywhere in Seattle. The apartment has a living room/kitchen/dining area, separate bedroom and bathroom. Washer/dryer in the bathroom. The apartment is totally separate from my house--you have separate entrance. I am usually available to help you during your stay. Capitol Hill is one of the most fun neighborhoods in Seattle, with lots of restaurants, coffee shops, book stores, etc. The apartment is one block from a bus stop to downtown or the university district. You can also walk downtown in about 45 minutes, or walk to Lake Washington in the same amount of time.Perfect little space for a weekend getaway. Quick walk to all of Capitol Hill-steps away from restaurants on 15th and about a half a mile from heart of Pike/Pine Corridor of Capitol Hill.  Second floor apt with private entrance in 6 unit complexI would hate to mislead you, so let me try and undersell this place! Tiny, cold, miserable ;), basement studio Apartment,with granite counter tops, a private bath and entrance in an AMAZING NEIGHBORHOOD! It is a 6' tall  apt in a 100 year old house. Please allow me to undersell the place. Private TINY studio-Hobbit hole, in 100 year old Capitol Hill home- dark with lowish ceilings. If you are taller than 6'2 it may be a problem, if you are 5'9 or above you need to duck under one of the beams.  Basically it is a bed and a kitchenette, but it is private! Funky decor! Eclectic custom tile job everywhere, with granite counter tops.  This is a room for folks on a budget that are more concerned with exploring the city than natural light or an oven.  Basic Cable  TV, refrigerator, microwave, coffee pot, internet. This studio has a private entrance on the side of the house, with a private bath.  Its all yours! I would love to meet you!  But, you may never see me if I am working or away.  The dBright and airy, three-story open loft in Capitol Hill. Blocks away from cafes, restaurants, grocery stores, and yoga studios, and an easy walk to the bustling Pike-Pine Corridor. Comfortable retreat with everything you need for your stay in Seattle! Spacious, architect-designed three-story loft with full height windows along the entire south and east walls, overlooking a park.  Key features include: - Fully-equipped kitchen - Roof deck with lounge furniture, foosball table, and views of the Cascades - Queen size master bed - Full size murphy bed - All the conveniences of home - fast wifi, washer & dryer, and fresh ground coffee - Concrete floors with radiant floor heat - Eco-friendly features (Our toilets flush with rainwater!) - Ideal location in Capitol Hill (Walkscore of 90) - We will stock the kitchen with some simple breakfast provisions (eggs, yogurt, granola, coffee). Let us know if you have any specific needs or requests. The kitchen is on the first floor with an island range This N. CAPITOL HILL apartment is luxurious with PRIVATE EXT. ENTRY, is on a QUIET single family street, walking distance to every need; restaurants, bars, coffee shop & grocery within one block & great bus service. This basement apartment is  very spacious and feels like a home (867 s.f., 1 queen bedroom, 1 bath with tub, kitchen, living and dining areas AND it's own laundry room). It is newly constructed, beautifully finished, furnished and equipped. All windows can be opened.  SEPARATE EXTERIOR ENTRANCE, WIFI, limestone finished laundry room and bathroom with tub/shower. Huge sectional, large flat screen TV, dvd player, electric fireplace. This is a luxurious space, exceptionally cozy and spacious. It's all about LOCATION. This part of CAPITOL HILL is the most sought after area to live. A coffee shop, general store, ice cream parlor, and several of Seattle's best restaurants (Tallulah's, Monsoon, Kingfish Cafe) are within one block. EVERY need can be found a few blocks walk away on Charming studio in the basement of my 1910 Craftsman home is cozy and homelike. It comfortably fits two. Located in a quiet neighborhood, you're just blocks away from great restaurants, coffee shops, bars, and even downtown. This charming, mother-in-law studio is the perfect get-away! Cozy and comfortable, while the Murphy bed make efficient use of the space. The backyard is so peaceful and serene, it's hard to believe you're merely blocks away from 4-star restaurants. There's always parking available, but if you'd like, off-street parking is also available for an extra $5/night. The studio is in the basement of my 1910 Craftsman bungalow, with its own separate entrance. It's newly renovated. The kitchenette has a small stove top, microwave, refrigerator, pans, dishes, spices, everything you need to do as much or as little cooking as you'd like! The front of the Murphy bed folds down into a desk, so you can work or write if you'd like. You will have access to my WiFi network and printeSpacious 2bed/1bath 850 sqft en-suite apartment with private entrance in a 1908 Victorian. Great space for work trips, visiting nearby family or first time visits.  Central in the city with two bus lines and city parks.  Full kitchen & laundry. This en-suite is located on the lower level of a newly renovated Victorian home, with a private side entrance and easy key less system.  Natural light brightens this space, which includes full kitchen and laundry. Recently updated colors and new furnishings, including two very comfortable queen beds and a kitchen table with four chairs.  The location is outstanding; close to tasty eateries and fun night life but a few streets away from the noise and parking challenges sometimes associated with Capitol Hill.  850sq ft space with radiant heat and full bathroom, which includes a bath tub and shower. Guests have access to the front porch, back yard patio, private full bathroom, private en-suite kitchen, and private laundry.  Great for rental cars: uLocated in the hippest neighborhood of Seattle, this apartment has classic Northwest style!  Designed with a mix of mid-century, contemporary, and vintage furniture, hardwood floors, lots of windows and 10' cove ceilings.  The perfect Seattle experience! Stay the weekend at my spacious 1 bedroom apartment in Capitol Hill!  Tons of south-facing windows let in lots of natural light and yet remain private with tall trees close by.  Hardwood floors throughout, 10' cove ceilings, decorated with mid-century modern furniture,old-school fixtures and detailing will give you a great sense of our city's style. Located just two blocks from major bus lines that take you right downtown in 10 minutes, and a 5 minute walk to the heart of Pike/Pine and Cal Anderson Park on Capitol Hill, this location is perfect for having a busy weekend and night out and then returning home to a quiet tree-lined block for some undisturbed rest!  It's close to tons of great restaurants and bars on 15th Street, there areThis beautiful new apartment is only stones throw from the heart of Capitol Hill, yet is peaceful and quiet at night. With one queen sized bed and a queen sized pull out couch in the spacious lounge, you could accommodate two couples here in comfort. This historic Fred Anhalt architected building has been gutted and restored in 2014 with all the conveniences one would expect of any modern apartment building.  It is unique in every way, and is just as quaint and gorgeous on the outside as it is modern and well appointed on the inside. Guests are welcome to use the gigabit internet over wireless, the in unit washing machine and dryer, and to set the temperature to their liking with the built in Nest thermostat. I will only be sharing my apartment when I am out of town, so I will more than likely not be interacting with you in person, however I am contactable through AirBnB and via email if you have any issues.  I will leave an envelope with your name on it with the keys to the apartment Our space is a mix of a hostel and a home. We are a group of long-term residents & subletors who welcome short term guests. This is the house to meet folks whether you are moving to town or traveling through. The house offers quiet and social spaces. Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond their time in our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  Timeless 107 year-old charm with fresh updates!  The home sits on a quiet street steps away from two parks and public transit options. Central in the city to all the hot spots.  Spacious plan, cozy radiant heat, abundant light, lots of free parking. Natural light brightens this space, which has updated colors and new furnishings, including two queen beds and one full bed in three separate bedrooms.  One powder room on the main floor and two full bathrooms on the bedroom level.  This includes an exquisite master bathroom with claw foot tub, rain shower and fantastic natural light through two large windows.  Bedding is luxurious and furnishings very comfortable.  Large lazy porch with rocker allows you to take in the street over morning coffee.  The location is outstanding; close to tasty eateries and fun night life but a few streets away from the noise and parking challenges sometimes associated with Capitol Hill.  Great for visiting family, close to University of Washington and centralAn adorable craftsman located on a quiet street, and only blocks away from downtown Seattle. Big Blue has 2 large bedrooms, 1.5 bath, and an amazing back porch. Located on the #12 bus line (straight to Pike Place), and an $8-10 cab ride downtown. Big Blue is the perfect place for someone who wants to be close to downtown, but not right in the fray.  Lots of parking, easy transportation, and a quiet tree lined street; a perfect combo that is hard to find.  The house also has a beautiful back yard and deck that is great for barbecuing, or relaxing with a cup of coffee in the morning. Guests can access the house, deck, and backyard. Dependent on when you arrive and depart we might be available!  Either way, we'll always be available via email and phone! Capitol Hill is one of Seattle's most beloved neighborhoods, a haven for foodies, live music, coffeeshops, and rich diversity.  From Big Blue you can walk to hundreds of bars and restaurants.  The local hangout on the street is Tallulah's,Enjoy the ideal location, with the quiet of the eastern slope of Capitol Hill, but still close to everything you want. Enjoy the many cafes, restaurants, bars and shops right here in the neighborhood, or take the bus just about anywhere - you'll be living just one block from three different bus lines! Your house will be both central AND cozy, with a hot tub in the garden and a fireplace in the living room. Your room has one twin bed and a long, comfy couch making it a great place to unwind after a long day exploring the city. We have a friendly, medium-sized hypoallergenic dog, and chickens in the yard.  Kitchen access, high speed Wi-Fi, on-street parking, washer/dryer, and the use of our hut tub are all included.  It's fun for us to be able to offer travelers a reasonably priced room in the city - it can be crazy expensive here! One of the ways we can do this is by asking that our guests "turn over" the room when they're done. This isn't hard -- you'll just    - put your used sheets iThis beautiful cottage style apartment has its own entrance and a magical garden to go with. It's located in East Capitol Hill just two blocks from groceries and nice restaurants, but is in the quiet part of town far from the hustle and bustle. This is Entire Apartment.This is a small,  cozy studio  in the trendy Capital Hill area of Seattle. It is in an older single story brick building.  There is a small kitchen with basic cooking supplies. With a 95 walk score it is close to the exciting night life and dining on Capitol Hill, but in a quiet area. The entire apartment When possible I meet for check in and then you have the space to yourself. A bus stop is outside the front door.Large room with street view on quiet street in Capitol Hill.  Good public transportation to everywhere.  Access to large private garden. and kitchen. Large quiet room. Please fell free to use the kitchen and private, large garden area.Empty, clean room in 2 Bed/ 1 Bath apartment.  The front door has direct outside access, no inner hallways.  Apartment is fully furnished, building has an outdoor pool and laundry on site. Heart of Capital Hill, close to everything.Brand new everything! TOTAL renovation in November 2015: *Flooring *Counters *Cabinets *Paint *Decor *Appliances *Furniture Sleeps up to 4 (king bedroom plus queen sleeper sofa) In-unit washer/dryer and garage parking are nice bonuses ***Note: The photos and reviews shown here are all pre-renovation!*** Thomas Lodge "Philly" is fresh off of a complete overhaul.  It is located on the upper floor of a small building with just 4 homes. You enter into the building and into your home with your own chosen code that will be programmed into the electronic locks... no cumbersome organizing for a key exchange!  No concerns about arriving and departing at odd hours. The condo opens to the kitchen and living area.  The open concept living area/kitchen features a dining table for 4 (expands to accommodate more), wall-mounted television with robust DirecTV package and DVD player, queen size sleeper sofa (with highest end sofa bed mattress on the market) and a kitchen counter with three bar stools.  Remodeled 4plex in ideal Capitol Hill location! Walkscore of 90. Spacious 1 bed apartment. New hardwoods, private patio, huge kitchen, tile bathroom, quality furnishings, brand-new Queen bed, & additional Queen hide-a-bed. 50" smart TV, Private W/D. Completely remodeled apartment in a vintage Cap Hill 4plex.  Brand new bath, and updated kitchen with granite.  Newly installed oak flooring.  Comfortable furnishings.  Brand new Queen sized bed and additional Queen hide-a-bed sofa.  Private patio, washer & dryer in unit, Keurig with complimentary coffee! Digital keypad entry (no key exchange needed). Local real estate agent, property manager always accessible via text message. Catch the bus outside your front door.  Walk to coffee, sushi, trader joes or any number of popular restaurants and bars.  Experience the best of Cap Hill! Super convenient Capitol Hill location.  Very walkable, bus stop literally in front of the building and active UBER area. Private patio, washer dryer.  Fully furnAlong beautiful Volunteer Park in upper Capitol Hill's most desirable zip code! Ideal for those looking for a serene urban base from which to explore this famous neighborhood and city! Walkable nightlife! Tastefully decorated! Queen size bed!    In this large 1,100 sq ft 2nd story apartment you will have a private room and your own private bathroom, a full kitchen, and living room. The bed is a real queen size mattress atop a stylish pullout sofa frame, very comfortable. The apartment is beautifully decorated and furnished. The plush new couch is incredibly comfortable, rivaled only by your queen size bed! ***Entire Place for the weekend. If you are interested in staying longer just ask! I will be in the other room on non-weekend nights, so the rate would be lower. Guests have access to the bedroom, bathroom, living room and kitchen. There is a second bedroom; however, that door will remain locked and will not be occupied at anytime during your stay.  Anything in the kitchen is yours tLovely structure on North Capitol Hill, 2 blocks from Volunteer Park and bus line to downtown. Deck, privacy, hardwood floors, ample street parking. Great for two adults, or two couples. This is our carriage house. Our home was built in 1906 and is in one of the most desirable parts of Seattle. Quick bus or bike to downtown, walk to markets and restaurants, and Olmstead designed Volunteer Park. The entire building is yours during your stay. We live nextdoor. Common courtesies but we are busy and will have limited availability for guidance. We are well traveled and informed about the community, especially the arts. Capitol Hill is cosmopolitan and diverse. Our part is largely beautiful single family homes but as one approaches downtown, it becomes urban and hip. Many clubs and restaurants, as well as the epicenter of Seattle's gay community. Two bus lines within 2 blocks on either side will take you downtown. 6 blocks will get you to the bus to the University District. Unrestricted and Modern interior on bright corner lot, city park across the street. 10 minutes to downtown Seattle (car or bus)! 2 blocks away from Madison Valley restaurants, convenient store, bus stop, Arboretum Park and Japanese Garden. Please contact me first via the Contact Host link before using the Request to Book button. Guests will show drivers license at check-in. 2 beds (one queen and one double sofa bed) Located next to the Washington Park Arboretum and Japanese Garden, and only 10 minute drive or bus to all of downtown Seattle attractions. There are many fine restaurants in my neighbor, all within three blocks from my house. Guest has access to whole house (including the hot tub). I love to meet travelers and hear about their travel plans and experiences. But if you do not have time to interact that is fine too.  It's the best of both worlds, living next to one of Seattle's finest parks near the shores of Lake Washington, and also being only minutes to everything downtown offers.  There isCozy studio apartment on Capitol Hill.  GREAT location  Walk score 95!! Close walks to 15th Ave and Broadway  Minutes from bars, nightlife, restaurants, cafes, shopping and more! I'm happy to answer any questions you may have about your stay in Seattle! Whatever fits your needs! Parks? Restaurants? Dive bars? Clubs? Fine dining? Hikes? Shopping? I love Seattle and love sharing my city with people. Includes access to WIFI, Hulu, Netflix, Blu Ray, DVD, Bluetooth speaker, and Chromecast. Feel free to ask me anything!  Keys will be left for the guests at the check-in time arranged. No interaction with guest is necessary unless they have needs to be met.  Quiet neighborhood, yet still close to all that Capitol Hill and Seattle have to offer. One block away from 15th Ave. With restaurants, bars, coffee shops, and grocery stores just a stone's throw away.  Only 4 blocks away from eclectic Broadway, which offers shopping, vintage clothing, restaurants, people watching, and more.  One block awaThe building is located in the most vibrant, artsy and culinary part of seattle. This comfortable and spacious apartment is within a ten minute walk of great resturants, bars and the Asian art Museum.  The place is also on three bus lines. Enjoy Unit in Coryell Court Apartments (from the movie Singles).  Lots of beautiful art, and light. The building is located in the quiet part of the coolest & most Gay friendly neighborhood in the city, Capital Hill.  The building is on 3 bus lines, and is a short 6 minute walk from Trader Joes, Safeway, QFC & the all natural Madison Market. My place is down the street from great resturants and it's across from a park.  Their is a laundry in the basement that you can use.  The kitchen has a new frig & stove, and the unit is very clean, and the sheets in the bedroom are new.While I am the whole apartment, I can also just rent the bedroom. Stay where Matt Dillion stayed and Eddie Vedder use to live.  Enjoy some Seattle history and the comforts of home.This home is centrally located but away from the noises of Capitol Hill's thriving night life.The house is two stories with the two bedrooms and full bath located on the upper level. The main floor has a large living room, dinning room and kitchen. Awesome views of the Cascades and Mt. Ranier from deck.  Large, quiet Capitol Hill Room available with access to kitchen, living room and large, beautiful, private yard and room. Spectacular view.  Nice house. Amazing yard. Great access to hospitals, University, downtown. Kitchen, yard, living space Modest. Quite neighborhood convenient to everywhere. nearby arboretum great for runs. Convenient bus access to downtown, Hospitals, UniversityBeautiful and historic updated Seattle home in very nice and quiet Capitol Hill neighborhood close to everything.  Wonderfully appointed for a big group with 6 bedrooms, 3 1/2 baths.  It was the home of a former Seattle mayor! A beautiful, stately, (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) home with tons of charm, but remodeled nicely.  Room for a big group with great outdoor entertaining space.  Fantastic neighborhood in Capitol Hill that is quiet, yet close to great restaurants, cafes, shops and parks.  Near bus line and close to downtown and freeways.  The home has 5 bedrooms and 3 1/2 baths.   On the second floor, a master suite with king bed, private deck and fantastic bathroom with shower, tub and two sinks,  a guest bedroom with queen bed plus an adjoining bedroom with a single bunk bed share a beautiful bathroom with tub and separate shower.  On the third floor, a bedroom with queen bed, another with a full sized futon, and another bedroom with a single bed and trundle bed.   The third floor has a125 year old classic house, funky and huge, on top of Capitol Hill. It's a sunny and warm home in a gorgeous green neighborhood.  2 br, 2 ba, 10+ ft ceilings, gleaming fir wood floors, walk to everything!  Quiet street with plenty of free parking.  Tranquil, relaxed, and fully livable. We prefer no more than 4 folks, but additional kids/guests on the couch/floor will be considered on a case by case basis.  If requested, we do have an inflatable bed with linens and pillows extra guests can use. You will have access to wifi, laundry, land phone, kitchen stuff, and 99% of the house, basement and property. Dan owns a property management company and he and his workers may need access to the basement during your stay. The house is all yours!  We will orient you to the place when you arrive and then we'll leave.  Occasionally, we may need access to the house and basement but we will clear that with you in advance if necessary.  We are usually available for ideas and suggestions about what do Beautiful hardwood floors, a comfy queen sized bed, cream colored walls, and an art studio in this one bedroom, a block off 19th in Capitol Hill.  You can enjoy coffee on 19th at Fuel Coffee, walk to Pine St. to go to the bars, or Car2Go to Amazon. You'll have full access to the entire apartment. We'll meet you at the beginning of your stay, show you how the shower, sinks and heat work, give you a key and leave you be. There is a bus stop two blocks away from the apartment; one bus to Capitol Hill and the other downtown. Car2Gos everywhere and very easy to walk.Enjoy a comfy pull-out bed in the Capitol Hill neighborhood just blocks away from Seattle's trendiest restaurants, bars, and nightlife.  -5 minute walk from the heart of Capitol Hill -15 – 20 minute walk / 5 minute drive from Downtown Seattle I live in a studio apartment in a historic vintage house (built in 1904) located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood. You will be renting out the pull-out bed, but you are more than welcome to make yourself feel at home. You will have access to everything, so feel free to use the kitchen and whatever it is you need to use. You will also have access to a washer and dryer in the building unless it is being used by another resident. The pull-out bed is optimal for one person, but it can fit two people if you don't mind being really close to your friend. Please note that we will be sharing the space of my studio apartment when I'm back home from work. There isn't much privacy; however, it is perfect for its great location and affordability! I work MondayBig, beautiful, comfy studio apartment in a sweet 1902 Craftsman house, w/ loads of amenities. This is flat out the coolest place in one of the coolest neighborhoods in Seattle. No cleaning fee or deposit, sweet. This is what awesome looks like! "Dreampop Studio" is swanky... and it's big!  It's almost 1000 square feet... that's a lot of swankiness!  Includes a full kitchen, a full bath w/ a cozy claw foot tub and shower, a dining table + a sunlit bistro area, living room, and lots of sleep options for up to 4 guests with a comfy queen bed, two REI airbeds, and two sofas.  Also includes a washer/dryer and speedy wi-fi, + a 40" flatscreen. This is not an apartment or condo building with people coming and going all day. Your entry and entire space is completely separate and private from the main house upstairs.  Please check your Airbnb Itinerary after booking to receive your door code. If you're new to the area and want some highlights, I'm all over it... I'll even give you a quick 10 mThis cozy two bedroom, two bathroom apartment is located in the Hilltop area of Seattle. It has an open living area, perfect for relaxing with friends and family. Hilltop is considered a sub-neighborhood of the greater Capitol Hill area of Seattle. The Space This cozy two bedroom, two bathroom apartment is located in the Hilltop area of Seattle. It has an open living area, perfect for relaxing with friends and family.  It's also perfect for anyone who is on a career track looking for a hip, and fun place to live while applying for jobs, in transition, or looking for a permanent place to reside.  The Neighborhood  This hilltop location is considered a sub-neighborhood of the greater Capitol Hill area of Seattle. It's a popular neighborhood, and is known for its restaurants and nightlife scene. Eight blocks from Broadway where gallerias and musicians can be found in every ally way.   This apartment is close to the Group Health Capitol Hill Campus and other nearby neighborhoods include PiThis quaint, cottage-style home has an eastern view to the Cascade Mountains with lots of morning light and a small deck for morning coffee.  Surrounded by gardens of flowers, plants and birds.  A large, sunny living area, eating nook with skylights. This is a perfect house for a small family or couple.  It is great for a summer visit with fantastic views of the mountains, trees and a small deck with BBQ and firepit.   All set up with a Christmas tree and lights for a festive holiday. Friends living nearby will let you into the home when you arrive. Friends and family available to help with any questions. We live in the Capitol Hill neighborhood walking distance to a very good soccer field, play park and a short distance to the edge of Lake Washington and Madison Beach for swimming and lounging.  Close to lots of fun restaurants and bars.  (the house is located on a quiet street but can be accessed by a major thoroughfare  which you need to croos to the back side of Capitol Hill). We aYou are welcome to stay in a modern townhouse at the center of the universe.  Lovely, quiet location, yet just a skip away from amazing restaurants, bars, grocery stores, and  transportation.  Direct buses to downtown are a block away. This is a three story townhouse that has it all: modern amenities, a quiet location, and proximity to all that Seattle has to offer. The kitchen and living area are on the main floor with half a bathroom. On the third floor you will find the master bedroom, the second bedroom and two full bathrooms. You will be able to check in using key-code entry system to enter the unit (detailed instructions will be sent prior to your arrival).  This means you do not need to worry about keys. Guests will have access to the entire townhouse, which includes a master bedroom, adjacent bedroom with queen bed. Fully stocked kitchen and washer and dryer are available for use as well. Netflix and internet access are included in the rental as well. We provide towels and cleaOur house has two rooms. This is for one.A cozy haven in the heart of Seattle's beloved Madison Valley neighborhood! You're sure to love this recently renovated apartment with its suite of fun vintage touches, from the clawfoot tub to sliding barn doors and a 1950's Wedgewood stove. Enjoy your vacation home in Seattle's best neighborhood. Madison Valley offers some of the city's best restaurants and shopping, and a 5-block walk to the arboretum, 230-acres of gardens, greenery, walking trails, and kayaking.  Venturing further, a quick five-minute car or bus ride (starting at the bus stop just 3 blocks from the apartment) will take you to Downtown and the Convention Center, Capitol Hill, The Space Needle, Pike Place Market, the Pacific Science Center, Experience Music Project, and the University of Washington Your home away from home is on a gorgeous tree-lined street, and was just remodeled in 2013 (originally built in 1908!). We live here, too, but your home is completely private/separate from the remainder of the house with Our newly remodeled guest house is private, cute, clean, airy, bright and is now ready to base your Seattle adventure.  It has a mini kitchen, a spacious bathroom and a nice queen bed in an open layout tucked away in a tony Capitol Hill neighborhood. The Carriage House is a totally private lovely 240 square feet with new hardwood flooring and a nice mini kitchen that includes a large sink, a butcher block counter, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, half height refrigerator and kitchenware.  The tiled bathroom has a large shower and a handsome pedestal sink.  There is a comfortable queen-sized bed with generous blankets and a comforter.  A small covered porch is a perfect spot for your morning coffee. The Carriage House is extremely private with a lovely small porch.  There is a yard for your private use that includes a small basketball court and a golf practice hole suitable for practicing your wedge shots with a whiffle golf ball.  Your yard also has a Weber charcoal grill and a small Brand new everything! TOTAL renovation in November 2015: *Flooring *Counters *Cabinets *Paint *Decor *Appliances *Furniture Sleeps up to 6 (king room, queen room, queen sleeper sofa) Washer/dryer and garage parking are nice bonuses ***Note: The photos and reviews shown here are all pre-renovation!*** Thomas Lodge "New York" is fresh off of a complete overhaul.  It is located on the upper floor of a small building with just 4 homes. You enter into the building and into your home with your own chosen code that will be programmed into the electronic locks... no cumbersome organizing for a key exchange!  No concerns about arriving and departing at odd hours. The condo opens to the kitchen and living area.  The open concept living area/kitchen features a dining table for 6 (expands to accommodate more), wall-mounted television with robust DirecTV package and DVD player, queen size sleeper sofa (with highest end sofa bed mattress on the market) and a kitchen counter with three bar stools.  TThis is a newly refinished garden suite in North Capitol Hill, close to Volunteer Park. It is located in a quiet residential neighborhood, yet allows easy and convenient access to all of the Capitol Hill thoroughfares as well as downtown. It is a very bright and open space, with full windows and access to a private backyard. Details and amenities: - Two bedrooms, one furnished with a queen bed and the other with two twin beds - Den with a desk and double-sized futon - Main room with a couch, chairs and flat screen TV - One full bathroom with tub and shower - Fully equipped kitchen with gas stove, dishwasher, microwave, coffee makers, etc. - Front load washer and dryer - Cable TV, WiFi, and phone Surroundings: - Short walk to bus lines with downtown access (#10 on 15th Ave, #12 on 19th Ave) - Easy access to the University of Washington (1.8 mile walk or use bus #48 or #43 in only 15 mins.) - Walking distance to numerous great restaurants (Kingfish, Vios, Monsoon on 19th Ave.; Smith, CoaThe Foxglove Guesthouse, an intimate bed and breakfast, is a lovingly restored authentic Arts and Crafts house furnished with period furniture. This room: spacious suite, queen size bed, sitting room, 4 large windows overlook tree-lined street. The Foxglove Guesthouse, an intimate bed and breakfast, is a lovingly restored 1905 "Seattle Box." This is an authentic Arts and Crafts house furnished with period furniture, American art pottery and Northwest Native American art. It offers the perfect blend of tranquility, privacy and accessibility. Our room rates include a fresh, seasonal continental breakfast.  This spacious suite has a comfortable sitting room and four large windows overlook the tree-lined street. It has a queen-size bed and features a larger private bath with claw foot tub/shower – perfect for soaking. Comes with in-room refrigerator, voice mail, wireless internet and cable television. We have an outstanding rating on sites like TripAdvisor and Yelp and we're located on a qMaster Bedroom Suite on fourth floor in brand new Townhouse on Capitol Hill.  Huge bedroom with walk-in closet, full bath with dual sink, large walk-in shower and back porch. We are a small family of 3 with a 15 month old! Modern and airy 4-story townhouse.  Garage is on the first floor.  Kitchen, dining, and living room on the second floor.  Two bedrooms on the 3rd floor where me, my wife, and our 15 month-old live.  Third floor also has our bathroom and washer/dryer.  Master Suite on the top floor. You will have access to the first-floor entrance, all the amenities on the 2nd floor, washer and dryer on the third floor, and the entire fourth floor. We would love to offer help throughout your stay!  We will be glad to point out fun and exciting stuff in the neighborhood, give directions, and tell you about cool upcoming events happening nightly. Capitol Hill is the "heart" of Seattle.  2 minute walk to a grocery store.  6 minute walk to Trader Joe's and an Organic Co-op.  10 minute walThe best of both worlds; a quiet neighborhood in an urban area.  Near downtown, the University of Washington and the 520 freeway. Walk one block to either the 43 or 48 bus lines, or walk three blocks to a small local grocery store and dining. This listing is for the entire first floor of my home and includes three bedrooms, one bathroom, a living room, a dining room, new laundry appliances, and a patio with a gas bbq and a waterfall. Two of the three bedrooms have queen sized beds, whereas the third bedroom offers double use as an office.  The office couch converts into a full sized bed if needed (bedding available).  One of the bedrooms has an air conditioning unit in it, but this unit is portable and may be moved to any other room. The office has a USB scanner and a printer available for your use. Six people could easily sleep in this unit; two in each bedroom, one on the office / bedroom couch that converts into a bed and one on the living room couch.  With a single bathroom this miStudio is recently re-vamped with colorful paint and new carpets.  Within walking distance of several great restaurants, both Washington Park and the Arboretum, and the Madison bus line which provides access to all of Seattle. In addition to the spacious basement studio, guests will have access to a private patio area outside of the studio.  -- The space is entirely independent, and we are happy to provide you as much privacy as desired.  However, we are both friendly and easy going people who are genuinely interested in the experiences of others. We would welcome the opportunity to learn more about the world from our guests. If you are interested in sharing a meal or an adventure we would be happy to take you to some of our favorite places or have you for dinner. Just let us know! Our neighborhood sits in a cozy valley nestled between the colorful neighborhood of Capital Hill and the spectacular views of Mt. Rainier and Lake Washington.  Just a couple blocks away from the Washington PMother-in-law apartment. Garden level. Stays cool in the summer. Convenient to anyone visiting UW, Seattle U., First Hill.  Appx. 400 sq ft. Kitchen -- fridge, stove, microwave, but no dishwasher Washer/dryer Bathroom with shower.Beautiful, updated 100 year old home in one of Seattle's best in-city neighborhoods.  Five bedrooms, 4 1/2 baths.  Backyard, patio, and charming location.  Easy access to downtown, UW, ferries, biking, and all that Seattle has to offer.  Great house! North Capitol Hill is a great urban neighborhood, combining a quiet environment with fabulous access to downtown, UW, Lake WA, parks, bike trails, etc.  Our home has two ensuite Master bedrooms located at opposite ends of the second floor, where four of the five bedrooms are located.  We have five bathrooms (one main floor half bath) with three on the second floor and one in the basement.  At 3500sf, there is plenty of room for everyone.   The house is available for your use.  The garage is locked, as are a few drawers, but otherwise all is accessible.     We are available by mobile or email but otherwise have no intereaction with our guests.  Access is easy as we have a punch code accessible front door (code changed for each guest).  We aThe Foxglove Guesthouse, an intimate B&B, is a lovingly restored authentic Arts&Crafts house furnished w/ period furniture. This room is on the top floor, a comfy private getaway among the trees. Skylights offer glimpses of the stars at night. The Foxglove Guesthouse, an intimate bed and breakfast, is a lovingly restored 1905 "Seattle Box." This is an authentic Arts and Crafts house furnished with period furniture, American art pottery and Northwest Native American art. It offers the perfect blend of tranquility, privacy and accessibility. Our room rates include a fresh, seasonal continental breakfast.  This top floor room is a comfortable private getaway among the trees. Skylights offer glimpses of the stars at night – well worth the extra flight of stairs! It has a queen-size bed; the private bathroom has a tiled shower; comes with in-room refrigerator, voice mail, wireless internet and cable television.  We have an outstanding rating on sites like TripAdvisor and Yelp and we're locaNestled in Capitol Hill, on a quiet street just a few blocks away from Zagat rated dining, cafe's, shopping, nightlife and a vibrant music scene. This locally prized urban inn offers modern amenities, friendly hospitality and modest rates. Come see! The room listed here is a lower level room with a single (twin) bed and shared bath that EXCLUDES BREAKFAST SERVICE and PARKING on purpose to keep the rate the lowest.  We also offer larger rooms with double or queen size beds that include breakfast and parking. If you are traveling with a friend and would like separate beds, inquire about our rooms with two beds. Please ask about our 420 friendly rooms as well. The main living room and covered porch is also available for relaxing and socializing. As much or as little as you like. We are experienced innkeepers and have a knack for providing the appropriate amount of assistance without being intrusive. I am a Seattle native and I love my city. Capitol Hill is a vibrant area that appeals to aLight-filled house in the trees, bordering lush Interlaken Park. Great walking/hiking/biking, and yet right in the heart of the city. Easy freeway access (I-5 and SR-520 to East Side), close to University of Washington and Capitol Hill night life. A true Northwest sanctuary... There are only a handful of houses allowed in Interlaken Park, and this is one. Situated in a beautiful tree-filled park right in the heart of the city. Locals often don't believe a park like this exists. Peaceful, yet not very far away from everything Seattle has to offer. Top floor:  - Larger bedroom with two Twin beds plus an additional twin mattress that can be pulled out onto the floor (great for kids). Skylights and window overlooking the park. Ideal as a kids room, includes toys and books.  - Master bedroom with King-sized bed and a private deck with outdoor seating.  - Bathroom with shower/tub and two sinks Lower level:  - Bedroom with Queen size bed  - Large living/dining room with vaulted ceilings and 7This modern 700 sqft  apartment it's a home away from home. It's a gated and secure. Has European appliances, washer and dryer. Huge bathroom and pets welcome. A block away from 15th Ave Starbucks, restaurants, bars, grocery stores and so much more.Walk to Pike/Pine cafes, clubs & bars. Private bed & bath on separate floor, feels like your own flat. Free street parking & private patio. Easy, frequent bus service to other hoods. Park, walk ,or bus easily to all parts of the city. **Free Street Parking**Free WiFi**Your Own Private Bathroom**No Breakfast/Kitchen Access**Pet Free** Our Walkscore is 91 & we are a block away from 4 bus lines that take you to the Market, Downtown & Space Needle. In addition, you have the option of walking to Downtown (the convention center is 1.3 miles away & will take you 25-30 minutes).  We have an extra room downstairs with a full bed & an attached bathroom for your use. The private suite is on the ground level of a 3-story townhouse. We are less than half a mile from Elysian Brewpub, Rione XIII, Anchovies & Olives, Spinasse, Cafe Flora, Crush, Luc and Victrola Coffee. We are less than half a mile away from Seattle U and Seattle Central Community College We are a block away from Safeway & 3 blocks awThis 3bedroom/3bathroom townhouse is located in Capitol Hill area of Seattle, a desirable location for Seattle natives and tourists alike. Capitol Hill has a mix of unique restaurants and shops as well as museums and entertainment venues. This 3bedroom/2.5 bathroom modern townhouse is located in the Capitol Hill area of Seattle, a desirable location for Seattle natives and tourists alike. Our 3rd bedroom features 3 ottomans that unfold to become sturdy twin size beds. The location is a walker's paradise with a walk score of 92! Walking distance from supermarkets, convenience stores, parks, mass transit, numerous restaurants and bars. The Neighborhood This townhouse is in Capitol Hill, specifically in the Hilltop neighborhood. This area is historically diverse and is just blocks away from the Group Health Capitol Hill Campus and several local parks. Capitol Hill has a mix of unique restaurants and shops as well as museums and entertainment venues. Getting Around There are several bus stThe Foxglove Guesthouse, an intimate bed and breakfast, is a lovingly restored authentic Arts and Crafts house furnished with period furniture, American art pottery and Northwest Native American art. Located on a quiet tree-lined, residential street. The Foxglove Guesthouse, an intimate bed and breakfast, is a lovingly restored 1905 "Seattle Box." This is an authentic Arts and Crafts house furnished with period furniture, American art pottery and Northwest Native American art. It offers the perfect blend of tranquility, privacy and accessibility. Our room rates include a fresh, seasonal continental breakfast.  This bright, airy room also overlooks the garden – a small stained glass window adds to the room's charm. It has a queen-size bed, private bathroom with tiled shower, cable TV and refrigerator.  We have an outstanding rating on sites like TripAdvisor and Yelp and we're located on a quiet tree-lined, residential street, within walking distance of Volunteer Park. The Broadway and PThis is a basement apartment with a fenced yard, perfect for a dog. A quiet neighborhood in an urban area. Near downtown, the UW and the 520 freeway.  Walk one block to either the 43 or 48 bus lines, or walk three blocks to a local grocer. This is a beautiful basement apartment in the North East Capitol Hill neighborhood.  While it is a quiet area, it is very centrally located, with both downtown Seattle and the University of Washington very nearby. While this is a quiet space, you will be able to to hear some noise from the tenants on the floor above you; it is, after all, a basement apartment.  Hearing some footsteps and sounds from the floor above will be normal, although the ceiling is insulated with an audio dampening material. New laundry appliances, your own kitchen, a private and fenced back yard with a propane grill, a fire pit, a table and six chairs. I generally meet each guest to give them the keys and go over the household rules.  Sometimes I am not able to meet guests in Our cozy 2 bedroom apartment is located on a quiet street. We are just 3 blocks from restaurants, bars, Volunteer Park, and just a 10 minute bus or Uber ride to downtown. Located close to 3 bus lines and light rail. Spacious apartment in the heart of Capitol Hill. We live within a few blocks of parks and some of the best bars and restaurants in the city. Guests have access to all areas of the apartment including full kitchen, washer and dryer (on request) and wifi. The door has a keypad lock for easy access and no chance of losing a key! We live upstairs but the entrance to the AirBnB is completely separate. We can be available to meet you and show you through the apartment. Other than that you'll have complete privacy. Our neighborhood is full of fun bars and restaurants within just a few minutes walk - we'll give you a list of some of our fav's.  Downtown Seattle is just about 2 miles away, just down the hill. There are 4-5 convenient bus lines that run right by the house, we'll leavOur home, located in the Capitol Hill district, is modern and comfortable. The layout of our home is open, but you'll have a comfortable room and bathroom all to yourself, as well as access to our private deck with sublime mountain and lake views. Our style is a modern mix between nordic and industrial interior design. The floor plan is open and your room is right off of the kitchen and living room. You'll have a room all to yourself as well as a 3/4 bathroom, and access to our kitchen and private deck. We're foodies and love to cook, and you're welcome to join in. We work 9-5 jobs and tend to be around a lot during our off hours. We're always happy to talk about Seattle and share our experiences with the city around us. Capitol Hill is a vibrant part of the city. It has 4 major commercial districts. The first two, 19th Ave E and 15th Ave E comprise the quieter side of 'the Hill', full of local bars, restaurants, ice creameries and coffee shops. Nightlight here is quiet, but robust. ThWe live on the top floor of a vintage building. Close to the Co-op, Safeway and several 24 hours corner stores. Walkable to every Capitol Hill venue. Gas range stove in the kitchen and clawfoot tub w/ shower in the bathroom & a small shared backyard.Our space is a mix of a hostel and a home. We are a group of long-term residents & subletors who welcome short term guests. This is the house to meet folks whether you are moving to town or traveling through. The house offers quiet and social spaces. Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond their time in our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  Vintage brick building close to bus lines, parks, tennis courts, huge arboretum. peaceful and well lit. Hardwood floors, french doors, claw foot tub, equipped kitchen, and hide-a-bed. Cable, wi-fi, games, instruments and art. Laundry on premise! Have fun and get some ;) A few things to note about the space that are important and feedback from previous guests that will help you make a decision I will add more as I am made aware 1) the fold out couch is old, and not that comfortable for people with sleep sensitivity.  I would only recommend using it out of necessity or if your not too picky. There's extra sheets in the entry cupboards and extra blankets too! 2) the bed is a full, so not the best for 2 VERY large people ( or 3 if that's your thing :) Anything in the fridge is fair game!! I have instruments you're welcome to play with! All sorts of games and books! And tons of art supplies. I encourage your creativity. Use what you like, within reason-art supplies are expensive so don't beIncludes full size bed, a coffee maker, desk and ample storage. It is furnished with a down comforter, wool kilim rug, and has two south facing window; it gets nice natural light.  Bathroom is across the hall, with your own storage and claw foot tub.Our space is a mix of a hostel and a home. We are a group of long-term residents & subletors who welcome short term guests. This is the house to meet folks whether you are moving to town or traveling through. The house offers quiet and social spaces. Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond their time in our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  Our space is a mix of a hostel and a home. We are a group of long-term residents & subletors who welcome short term guests. This is the house to meet folks whether you are moving to town or traveling through. The house offers quiet and social spaces. Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond their time in our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  Spacious 3-story townhome located on the top of Capitol Hill. Beautiful neighborhood near Seattle's most prominent restaurant and nightlife district. Please email with any questions.Bright, 1 bedroom apartment in quiet area of Capitol Hill. Stylish furnishings, full kitchen, full bath, and hardwoods throughout. Conveniently located close to hip neighborhood shops + restaurants, bus routes, parks and a natural foods market. This clean and bright one bedroom apartment will welcome you with modern style and all of the old world charm and quirks that classic brick buildings have to offer. After a day of exploring it's a perfect place to unwind and rest.  There are 5 large windows in the main space with shades to offer light or privacy, whichever you prefer. There is no shortage of natural light in the bedroom either, where you'll find 2 more windows, both of which are equipped with shades. Closet space is ample and the bedroom is simple and calming. If you like to cook, a full kitchen awaits you with all of the basics. A small, antique dining table lives in the main space where you can enjoy morning coffee or any other home cooked meals. If you prefer eating out, I haOur entire beautiful Seattle capitol hill/arboretum neighborhood home is available to rent as a vacation rental.  It is within easy walking distance to all the shops and restaurants on capitol Hill as well as to the arboretum and volunteer park, and is on the bus route to Downtown and the University district.   There is street parking and never any problem parking directly in front of the house. We have an amazing view from the master bedroom of the lake, cascades and rainier! we have a gourmet kitchen and a lot of natural light. The house is in east cap hill a few blocks from the arboretum and is very quiet, There are two bedrooms and a bathroom upstairs. The master bedroom has a queen bed and wonderful views of lake washington and mountains. The second bedroom has a single bed and a pleasant territorial view. The main floor has a livingroom with a futon couch, a dinning room, kitchen, and 1/4 bath. There is a gated yard with deck and grill.  The house has WIFI It is $95/night or $665Centrally located Capitol Hill Home .Room with mountain and garden views. Spacious kitchen, living room, decks, beautiful yard and garden. Walkable to restaurants, trails, Lake Washington, bus lines  We are easy going,  would love to share our home.In the heart of Seattle's trendy and energetic Capitol Hill neighborhood, this stylish 1BR/1BA condo is a perfect refuge from a long day exploring the city. A walkers dream at the nexus of Pike/Pine & 15th Ave and a short walk to Downtown Seattle This beautiful 1BR/1BA apartment located in central seattle is a truly unique and artistic home base for any Seattle traveler. With hardwood floors throughout, large windows to let the natural light flow through, and modern, artistic furnishings, this creative aesthetic is bright and cheerful.  The apartment's Capitol Hill location in the heart of Seattle puts some of the city's best areas and attractions right at your fingertips. This trendy neighborhood is loaded with amazing options for dining and shopping, as well as bars, lounges, grocery stores, and public transport. Bus lines within easy walking distance can take you to Downtown or to the waterfront. Cal Anderson Park, known for its wonderful jogging and walking paths, is just three bloEnjoy a gourmet kitchen, heated floors, fireplace and private outdoor area with a grill! We've converted our bottom floor (with a private entrance) into a perfect guest room. Just steps away from the hippest and coolest area in Seattle: Capitol Hill! The location of this house is unbeatable.  Just a 5 minute walk from Safeway, Trader Joes, and an organic supermarket. Across the street from the best French bakery in Seattle: Bakery Nouveau ! A 10 minute walk to Volunteer Park, one of the most gorgeous parks that Seattle has to offer. Located on a quiet corner of a bustling area, near many bars, top restaurants, and boutique shops! This is the perfect quiet area of the bustling and fun Capitol Hill neighborhood. You'll find the perfect balance of quiet, yet just steps away from the best nightlife that Seattle has to offer! Need to go downtown? The bus stop is just across the street! The 10 bus will get you from our doorstep to Pike Place Market in just 15 minutes! Bus stops going all dirThis home is located in a leafy North Capital Hill neighborhood on a street with all homes from (phone number hidden)'s.  Centrally located, 5 minute drive to Pike/Pine area, 8 minutes to downtown.    Bus line is 2 blocks away.   Enjoy the historical charm of our home All the homes are from the (phone number hidden)'s #12/43/48 bus stops are a 3 minute walk We have basic cable, not the fancy kind with 1000's of stations There is an inflatable twin mattress that is super comfyThis beautifully and fun updated craftsman home is located on vibrant Capitol Hill. This 2 bedroom +, 2.5 bath has everything you need for a relaxing short-term stay in Seattle. You'll find a lush garden, original art, gleaming hardwood floors, a well-equipped kitchen stocked with the basics, updated bathrooms including a large soaking tub to melt away your travels, an extensive library, WIFI and cable TV... and a touch of whimsey wherever you look... One bedroom has a queen platform bed with the soaking tub bathroom attached, the other has a traditional queen bed. The lower level living room has privacy curtains for anyone sleeping on the luxury platform queen size hide-a-bed. With the fully equipped kitchen, W/D, extra towels/linens/toiletries, kitchen staples, music and media, and being just a short walk to your choice of grocery stores or the array of restaurants in Madison Park or down on 15th... Pack light!  I hope to have all of your needs covered! Staying here you will be just This cute room offers just enough space for a cozy bed to rest your head and to store your belongings while you are out and and about "exploring" all Seattle has to offer. Shared bath next door and bathrobes are provided. Continental Breakfast 8-10am. Three night minimum.Just a few minutes walk from endless restaurants, bars, shops and nightlife. This Capitol Hill, early 1900's brick apartment is located in one of the most diverse and fun neighborhoods in the city. Full of natural light and central to everything. I am completely available throughout your stay to assist and any way needed and make you as comfortable as possible. I have hardwood floors so please be respectful to my downstairs neighbors.I have a cozy apartment located in Madison Valley a very charming area of Seattle. The apartment is close to downtown, Lake Washington, Capitol Hill, The Arboretum, UW, restaurants coffee shops and stores.  The place has bamboo floors and a recently renovated kitchen, I can provide towels. Price includes all utilities and parking. It has a room with a double bed and and a big closet and a smaller room with a bunk bed and a closet. The washer and dryer are in a laundry room downstairs in front of the parking space. There is a bus stop in front of the place and you can walk downtown about 20 minutes.  There are plenty of markets, restaurants and coffee shops and parks nearby. Our space is a mix of a hostel and a home. We are a group of long-term residents & subletors who welcome short term guests. This is the house to meet folks whether you are moving to town or traveling through. The house offers quiet and social spaces. Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond their time in our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  Vintage studio with cozy sleeping nook. Great location! Adorable studio in vintage building with a cozy sleeping nook! Steps to Capitol Hill and downtown. Spacious studio with bedroom nook in a charming vintage building. Includes a record player and records, cable TV with HBO, french press coffee maker, full kitchen, and more!  Close to Creative Co-Op and Trader Joe's grocery stores. Beautiful roof deck available during summer months. Please feel free to contact me throughout your stay with any questions! Capitol Hill is a vibrant neighborhood, home to Skillet Diner, Rheinhaus bar, Chop Suey and Neumos music venues,  Rachel's Ginger Beer, Elysian brewery and more! Great bar and restaurant scene, and easy access to parks like Volunteer Park and the arboretum. Steps to the heart of Capitol Hill, 15th ave. and Broadway. Walking distance or an easy bus ride to downtown. Enough off of the busy streets of Capitol Hill that its easy parking and really quiet.  Zone guest pass street parking prOur home is located in East Capitol Hill. The room is located upstairs with a shared common area and bathroom. The room has a south-facing window that gets excellent light when the sun decides to show up. Our home is located in Northeast Capitol Hill. The room is located upstairs with a shared common area and bathroom. The room has a south-facing window that gets excellent light when the sun decides to show up. The walkscore for our location is 89. We are just a few minutes by bus or walk from the vibrant Pike and Pine corridor, and 1 block from the 15th avenue shops and restaurants. Guests will have access to wireless internet and kitchen with all full sized appliances. Plus coffee! The bathroom and common area upstairs is shared with one (clean) couple. We are open to as little or as much interaction as the guest prefers, however, we are both busy people, and will likely not be around most of the time. Our neighborhood is perfectly convenient to all of the nightlife and parks of CapiOur space is a mix of a hostel and a home. We are a group of long-term residents & subletors who welcome short term guests. This is the house to meet folks whether you are moving to town or traveling through. The house offers quiet and social spaces. Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond their time in our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  Walk Score 95. Clean, bright studio w/view on Capitol Hill, close to downtown.  Charming, quaint, safe and convenient neighborhood surrounded by restaurants, bars, coffee shops, grocery stores and pharmacies, and bus stops to take you anywhere. You will have a full private studio to yourself. It is close to 15th Ave which has that small neighborhood feel with some of the best restaurants in town. It's a hip but quiet, safe, neighborhood and only 8 blocks from a major hub for Seattle nightlife venues. The views give the studio a peaceful feel. Full studio to yourself which includes a full kitchen and bathroom. You will have access to my help as much or as little as you want or need it. The neighborhood is an ideal sized neighborhood with some of the best coffee shops, restaurants and bars in town. It also has a yoga studio, Safeway, and Bartell's within a block. It's also really close to downtown. There is off-street parking that will come with a parking pass. Very convenient bus stops Extra large bedroom with 6 windows--so much light! Look out to your private view of lush landscaping. Hotel quality queen mattress. Beautiful bath with skylight over shower.  Shared kitchen. Patio with dining, front porch with table for two! Lovely street with views to Lake Washington and the Cascade Mountains. Your room faces west to a lush and private garden. Windows on three sides. If you have more than two people we have an extra room that we will let for 70 dollars to our current guests. Email if you want me to send a photo of this room. Bath would be shared by both rooms. Guests have access to a small shared kitchen with limited fridge and counter space. High end Viking cooktop and oven available for use. In summer a shared patio with a gas grill is also available. Guest is responsible for cleanup in all shared spaces. Strict recycling and composting rules in effect city wide. Guests must comply too! I love Seattle---my favorite city ever. Let me know how I can help you have a grOur space is a mix of a hostel and a home. We are a group of long-term residents & subletors who welcome short term guests. This is the house to meet folks whether you are moving to town or traveling through. The house offers quiet and social spaces. Our listing offers a unique Airbnb experience of staying with other Airbnb guests in a shared room as well as in a house of roommates who live in Seattle. This room is a great fit for individual or groups of travelers on a budget who are interested in meeting interesting people right in the place they are staying! We created this house so that people from around the world could meet, share experiences together and potentially create long lasting friendships that go beyond their time in our house. In a big house we are making the world smaller with more connections between people. Below is more information about your shared room, about us and about our house. Read through and see if we are a good fit for your trip! ABOUT YOUR SHARED ROOM:  N Capitol Hill.  Separate entrance.  King size bed.  Kitchenette, 3/4 bath, cable TV, WIFI.  On major bus lines.  Convenient to restaurants, bars, shopping, UW, SU, hospital district. N Capitol Hill.  Convenient to I-5 I-520 and major bus lines.  Walking distance to shopping, restaurants, bars.  Close to hospital district, UW, SU, major stadiums (Seahawks, Mariners, Sounders, Huskies). Studio Apartment with separate entrance. On check-in and check-out. Location.  Location.  Location. Approximately 4 blocks to major bus lines. $ 35 cleaning fee if staying for less than 3 nights.Colorful one bedroom apartment, a classic Craftsman-style house in a quiet neighborhood 2 blocks from urban amenities of Capitol Hill.   Spacious living room, kitchen and dining room and secluded back garden.  Off-street parking is usually available. This space is ideal for 1-2 people.  There is a very comfortable queen size bed.  The bedroom has a desk and stereo, and private bathroom attached, with claw foot tub/shower.  There is a laundry room with (free) washer/dryer in the basement. The space is private, but there is a shared entrance with downstairs tenants, who are very nice and helpful.  There will be a key in a lock box on the railing on the front porch.  I will send the code to you.  The space includes the living room, dining room, and kitchen, as well as the bedroom and bathroom.  There is laundry in the basement.  There is a driveway for one vehicle that you can sometimes use, just let me know if you need parking. I will be gone, but the house is a triplex, so there is a baCharming studio located on a cozy street in Seattle's iconic Capitol Hill; several trendy restaurants steps away, an ice creamery, and a soda stand market. A short walk to the bustling 15th Ave with restaurants, shops, libations, shopping and more! Charming studio in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood, located on a cozy street, directly across from delicious restaurants, an ice creamery, and a small soda stand market. Minutes walk to almost anywhere on Capitol Hill!  Full kitchen + dishwaster, W/D in unity, and nespresso coffee machine right on the counter. Guests have access to full kitchen, in-unit washer and driver, and walking distance to restaurants, 4 blocks walk to 15th Ave, a busier, but still charming in with an assortment of restaurants, bars, grocery, and coffee shops! This is my first time for Airbnb! I am requiring a minimum 5 day stay over the Christmas holidays, but I'm giving a discount on week long stays. Traveling Dec 21-29!   Other days when I'm not away are availabLarge bedroom in a two bedroom apartment - airy and spacious with lots of room to do morning yoga. Steps to a main bus line and plenty of free parking. We are a pet and smoke free home with lots of plants, a working record player and great local coffee to wake up to! Lots of windows and light, an incredible bed and serene surroundings.   Perfectly located to many neighborhoods and within walking distance to central Capitol Hill, Madison Valley and the Central District. Safe and quiet! So much room to stretch out and do a morning yoga session! Listen to records purchased at the local shops, cook dinner in a well stocked kitchen (I'm a chef!) and wake up to great local coffee. The kitchen, living room, bathroom and guest room are yours to explore. Washer and dryer are in the basement. I'll be around (and always available a text away) and at my restaurant for any additional assistance or recommendations! Centrally located in Capitol Hill, yet near Madison Valley and the Central District. Located in one of the most walkable & desirable areas of the city, this 1920's light-filled apartment is close many fantastic bars, restaurants, cafes and points of interest. Located on a quiet street and 1 block from a grocery store. This is a gem! This is a beautiful historic 1920's building that has most of it's original features preserved, including a 1922 telephone. The apartment is a top floor corner unit that is decorated in vintage decor. Enjoy both sunrises and sunsets from the large windows on 3 sides of the space. Guest will have access to the entire house and kitchen as well as the laundry downstairs.  I will be available for anything you need! I've lived in this city for nearly a decade and can offer recommendations for your stay. I have never loved any neighborhood more. It's quiet, diverse, artistic and a foodie Mecca. If you want more buzz, Capitol Hill's famous Pike/Pine corridor is a 15 min. walk away and you can bus downtown in 10 minutes. This is one of the most walThis cozy 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment is located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle. Capitol Hill is a desirable Seattle neighborhood, known for its unique boutiques and restaurants. THE SPACE:  This spacious but cozy 1 bed, 1 bath apartment is located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood.   It has a big, open-plan living space that includes the dining table, living room, and kitchen with all the amenities you'll need: washer/ dryer in-unit, dishwasher, reserved off-street parking, queen sized bed, gas fireplace, private back patio... you name it.  A Trader Joes and Natural Foods Co-Op are a block away on Madison St.     As you'll see I've taken great care with the design of my space so please take care of it and everything in it!  Many of the items in the living room are antiques passed down from family members, but it's all tastefully mixed in with modern elements so I promise you won't feel like you're living in your grandma's house.   THE NEIGHBORHOOD:  Capitol Hill is theThis airport-inspired modern home features:  *High-end kitchen/baths *Open concept floor-thru living area  *Full floor master suite with spa bath *3 patios/BBQ Centrally located; steps from: *Top dining *Parks *Hiking *Markets *Day spas This home has it all: modern amenities, a quiet location, and proximity to all that Seattle has to offer.  All furnishings and housewares are brand new as of November 2015, including comfy new bedding and towels, furniture, and appliances. The living areas are spread over three levels.  The entry level has two bedrooms.  "APAC" (Asia Pacific) has a queen bed, closet, and direct access to a spacious patio with BBQ and table.  The second bedroom, "EMEA" (Europe, Middle East and Africa), offers great flexibility.  It is furnished with three twin beds, including a twin over twin bunk bed (solid and sturdy --- not just for kids!).  These two bedroom share a nearby bathroom with shower. Up one level is the main living area.  This open concept space has a chefThis welcoming home is in the quiet residential part of Seattle's favorite neighborhood, Capitol Hill.  Close to leafy parks and cafes, nightlife and shopping, Seattle's best restaurants and so much more.  A lovely spacious house in a great location. Looking for a comfortable and spacious home for your Seattle stay? This classic Seattle "Craftsman Foursquare" home has four bedrooms upstairs and comfortably sleeps nine (a portable crib and/or extra crib-sized mattress are also available upon request). The main floor has spacious living and dining rooms, an open kitchen with stainless steel appliances and a 1/2 bath. The back yard has a patio and garden (feel free to pick fruit, vegetables, or herbs when they are in season). Great for families, groups, or getaway weekends. Gas range, stainless steel appliances, washer and dryer, kitchen fully equipped for cooking. Need a map, guidebook, or sightseeing or restaurant recommendations? Just ask! We love this city and look forward to sharing In-city gardeny retreat -- hens peck outside your kitchen window, downtown minutes away! Enjoy the best of in-city and residential neighborhoods, in a sweet, spacious studio with kitchen, private entrance, and all the amenities. In this welcoming space, you'll be across the street (plenty of on-street parking!)  from a great little park, and  just up the hill from a walkable storefront neighborhood with boutiques, bakeries, restaurants, and a day spa.  Some of the best restaurants in Seattle are within a five-minute walk...Crush, Tallulah's, Harvest Vine, Cafe Flora...When you've eaten your fill, hit the YMCA just 5 blocks over, where a day membership gets you access to all of their equipment, yoga classes, and swimming pool. Those of you who like consistency with your travel will find a Starbucks and a Safeway three blocks away :-)  The unit has a queen bed (extra firm with built-in pillow top) with box spring. In addition, a twin-size futon (fold-out) can accommodate a third person. Quiet home in beautiful N. Seattle with view of Puget Sound from a huge deck. Bus stop to downtown. New bed with organic linens. Private space includes bath and entrance. Can rent W-Sat. if good w/ 4 y.o. child. Check-in: 3PM Check-out: 11AM I am available to answer general questions, but am not available to taxi guests around.This  bright, cozy 1 bedroom private space is a retreat in the city, walkable to shops, Carkeek park trails & beach with views of Puget Sound.  Good access to Seattle via car or bus. Outdoor patio, full kitchen, art, books,  family &  LGBT friendly.  Our newly renovated apartment is a sunny space with plenty of windows to take in the light, no matter what time of year.  The bathroom is beautifully tiled with a new jetted bathtub.  All appliances are new and the kitchen is fully equipped.  The gas fire place makes it easy to cozy up at night in the window seat, which easily doubles as a bed for additional guests or children.  It is great for two people, although can fit up to four with the bed nestled next to the large west facing window.   This apartment allows guest to get comfortable in front of the fire or walk only a few blocks to Seattle's beautiful Carkeek park. Guests have separate entrances and access to the backyard.  I live next door and am happy to help in the settling in prA cozy one bedroom with attached bathroom, 20 min away from Seattle downtown, in a residential neighborhood, close to all the amenities. Street Parking/Laundry/Kitchen access available.  Corner townhouse with tons of natural light.  Easy access to the farmers' markets Interurban trail - the bicycle route running from Downtown Seattle through Shoreline Carkeek park - extraordinary views of Puget Sound and the Olympic Mountains  Free street parking available. #5 and E-Line takes you to Seattle downtown, which connects to Route 255, Route 545, Route 44 and Route 48  that takes you directly to University of Washington. The bus stop is right outside the town home. A beautiful 1 bedroom 1 bathroom carriage house.  Fully equipped modern kitchen, spacious living room, and cable TV. Lots of parking and 50 yards to Llandover Woods walking trail.  A mere 17 minute drive to downtown Seattle.  Bus stop is around the corner. Access is limited to the Carriage House only. Our house is entirely separate from the Carriage House, however we are on site and happy to answer any questions if needed. Broadview is a lovely part of Seattle.  Minutes from Carkeek Beach Park, lots of restaurants within walking distance, but also quiet at night. There is a bus stop on 3rd Ave. NW that is around the corner from the house.  Many people rent cars or use Uber. Washer and Dryer available upon request.   Pack n Play available upon request. Twin air mattress available upon request. Flexible check-in/check-out time if requested and we are able to accommodate.If you're visiting Seattle for business or pleasure this 800sq.ft. basement apt is perfect. Located in the elite neighborhood of Broadview you can walk to Carkeek Park for a hike or drive/bus/Uber to downtown Seattle in 15 minutes, Ballard in 5min. Keyless Private Entry, Convenient Location. Private Room.  Private Bath. Memory Foam Beds.  Small fridge, microwave, & crock pot provided. Over 800 private square feet of space. Clean & Comfy!  Private Room. Private Bath. Living Room. Reading room. High-top worktable. Internet Access provided. Can sleep 6. Two on the main queen bed, two on the other memory foam bed (provided in 2nd room with closing barn doors ) and two on the airbed if needed.  Plenty of room for all 6 in the 800 square foot space. All linens, pillows and blankets are provided to sleep up to 6. Check in is 3pm or later. Check-out is 10am. You will be provided a code for keyless entry so no need to pick up or keep track of a key! We do live upstairs if you need anything. GuePrivate guest quarters in our mid-century home! Completely separate entry to this self-contained unit. Bright space with corner-to-corner windows in an attractive neighborhood close to everything in Seattle. Private guest quarters in our mid-century home! Completely separate entry to this self-contained and bright space that includes a generous-sized bedroom (with Queen Bed), living room with fireplace and pull-out sofa for additional sleeping accommodations, kitchenette (with microwave, coffee service, and refrigerator), and a full bath. Fully furnished with plates, utensils and cookery. Cable television and high-speed internet is also available for your use. You are also invited to use the backyard patio! Potentially. We are friendly, but also committed to allowing you your own space. Wonderfully walkable neighborhood streets. A quick walk to one of Seattle's best parks: Carkeek with incredible views, picnic areas and beach access. A 5-minute drive to Ballard and 10-minutes to downtoSerene private guest quarters: queen bedroom/bath, living area with queen sofa, fireplace, kitchen: shared washer dryer, courtyard with garden area.  Newly renovated, quiet neighborhood with view of Puget Sound, and near Carkeek Park. We have a mid-century home with a lovely view of Puget Sound.  The vacation rental unit is downstairs from the main house with its own private entrance.  It is completely furnished with  a fireplace (gas), aquarium, TV with Blu-ray DVD player and cable.  There are plenty of dishes, cooking utensils, towels, dishwasher, washer/dryer, stove, microwave, phone (no charge within the USA).  It's a very cozy place to hang out or go out and enjoy the Seattle scene.  Guests have access to the front courtyard, and back yard patio and garden.  There is parking available at the front of the house. We enjoy our guests and have fun sharing our Seattle knowledge over a glass of wine.  Our lil' helper is "Bella" our therapy pup ( Miniature Labradoodle- non alergenic) whoClose to downtown Seattle, near woodland park zoo, near carkeek park and Puget Sound.  Quite neighborhood and spectacular view of Olympic mountains.  Three bedrooms; one large master bedroom with a king size bed, one kids bedroom with two twin beds, one guest bedroom with a Full bed.  Two full bathrooms. Large kitchen, large family room, large dining room with 9 foot table, large living room. Wi-fi, cable, 52 inch TV, parking, fully equipped kitchen, large back yard and much more.  Large backyard with kids playhouse and slide.  Spacious and convenient, ideal for families with kids. Near Ballard, phinney ridge and north gate mall.Complete upper (street level) floor of a mid-century classic brick  house. Two spacious bright bedrooms are complemented by a large dining/living room area and a roomy, fully equipped kitchen. Located on a tranquil street in north Seattle. A 50's classic brick house in the Broadview neighborhood of Seattle offers you all the comforts of home. The space is airy and bright, with a queen size bed in each of the two bedrooms. The pull-out couch in the living area offers a third queen size sleeping option. The kitchen is fully equipped, sporting a very groovy 70's vibe.  To relax, you can catch the game on the new 50" flat screen or enjoy a cold one on the patio off the kitchen. Plenty of parking is available directly in front of the house. Entrance is through the street level front door. Guest have access to  the entire top floor of the house, including patio and garden area. A staircase to the lower level is kept locked. Guests are welcome to make themselves at home on their own. Host wilUnique private bedroom & bath with separate entrance. Garden view and private living room & fridge. The downstairs rental can sleep up to four. Close to buses, coffee, restaurants & market. Shared kitchen upstairs. Hope you like ELVIS! Beautiful artists home with lots of flare and humor. A lovely garden to sit in and a BBQ on the deck. For an additional fee of $15  you can use both sleeping areas downstairs, there is a fold out bed in the living room. Guests have access to the upstairs kitchen and living room with a functioning fireplace. Free off street parking by your entrance. Full laundry available and WIFI.  I am a sociable person, but can also keep to myself. The big trees,  and easy access to trails in the nearby parks. There are bus stops a block away. #5 to Downtown SeattleYou will have the pleasure of enjoying the comfort of spacious rooms in a safe and quiet Broadview neighborhood, 10 mn drive to downtown Seattle and 20 mn walk to Carkeek, a waterfront dog friendly park.  Ideal space for a couple. Living room includes amenities such as Keurig Brewer for Coffee, Tea, Hot Chocolate with free assorted K-Cups; fridge with separate freezer compartment; microwave and toaster oven.  Assorted drinks such as dark and light beers, Perrier waters, Spring waters and juices are provided free of charge. Water, wine, beer, champagne glasses, silverwares and dishes are also provided.   All rooms are equipped with internet connection (LAN & wireless); radio and music distributed via a central system. A 47" TV connected to Dish Network; a Blu-ray DVD player and an extra HDMI cable are in the living room for your entertainment access. King size bed and California closet for storage space in bedroom. Private entrance with nice yard to relax amongst fruit trees and a vegetAre you looking for a place to stay in Seattle for the Seahawk/Packers game? 3 bdrm 2 bath main level of a duplex is available from Friday through Monday. Lower level is occupied. Check in Friday after 1 pm. Rent - Monday, check out a 1pm Are you looking for a place to stay in Seattle for the Seahawk/Packers game? 3 bdrm 2 bath main level of a duplex is available from Friday through Monday. Lower level is occupied. Check in Friday anytime after 1 pm. Rent through Monday, check out at 1 pm.  Rate: $450.00 total for 3 nights with 4 person occupancy. That's just $150 per night or $37.50 per night per person. Rate: $550.00 total for 3 nights with 6 person occupancy. Just $183.00 per night or $30.55 per person.  $200.00 Refundable Damage deposit. $50 non-refundable cleaning fee.   Home offers 1 King size water bed in master bathroom. 2nd and 3rd bedroom have double beds. Home is just 6 miles north of the Quest Field. A Park and ride is located at Northgate Shopping Mall just 1.5 miles from Lots of sunlight, quiet, looks out to the landscaped backyard. Easy to get around. 10 minutes to Ballard, Fremont, 20 minutes drive from downtown. 5 min drive (20 min walk) from a beautiful beach. Complimentary coffee and tea are available. Enjoy your own private room in this lovely home in the North Ballard neighborhood. This is a very quiet residential area. About 7 minutes walk to the beautiful Carkeek Park, and 25 minutes walk to the beach.  You can enjoy a picnic at the beach, or simply stay in to relax and enjoy the sun at the west facing deck in the fenced backyard. The house itself is very quiet and gets lots of sunlight. The room has a west facing window that looks out to the back yard. It has a comfortable full size bed with pillowtop. You will share the bathroom with the host ( 1 or 2 people).  There is shampoo, body wash and hair dryer for you to use.  Complimentary tea and coffee are provided as well. Guests may use the guest bedroom, shared bathroom, dining area, back yarBeautiful & incredibly spacious Master bedroom w/cozy King size bed! Very quiet and private too.  Discounts will be given for weekly and monthly stays. Host must manually apply discount to reservation offer so just sent message with dates requested. *****NOTE: Will rent out my entire 3 bedroom FULLY FURNISHED Townhouse from October 1, 2015 until April 10th, 2016. So for a full 6 months while I am out of town***** ********Also note that we have 45+ reviews for all our guest rooms, past and present. Make sure to read through some of them in the review sections below!********* ** Wonderful bonus to staying in an Airbnb space is that you don't have to pay the additional $30 fees to park overnight in downtown hotels, along with having all the comfort and ammenities of home! ** This Wonderful, Cozy & Spacious Master bedroom is on the 3rd floor of our townhouse and opens to the large Master bathroom. It has a super cozy King size bed and room for air mattresses if there are more than 2 guestsThe secondary suite in our daylight basement on our urban farm located within Seattle city limits. Walking distance to public transportation as well as Carkeek Park with its forested hiking trails, beach access, playground and wetlands trail. Our neighborhood, Broadview is family friendly with sweeping views of the Olympic Mountains and the Puget Sound. Our home is walking distance to/from Carkeek Park. Here is a link to the Trails Map for the park. (URL HIDDEN) If you are coming by car, there is ample parking all around our home. The nearest bus line/stop is less than 1/2 mile from our house, another bus line is a mile walk from our house. I highly recommend checking King County Metro Trip Planner (URL HIDDEN) in order to scout out trips from our home.  If you are coming by bike, we live at the bottom of a steep hill. That said, we regularly commute by bike. Our home is walking distance to/from Carkeek Park. Here is a link to the Trails Map for the park. (URL HIDDEN)Beautiful & cozy bedroom with beautiful decor & lots of space and big closet too.  Discounts will be given for weekly & monthly stays. Host must manually apply discount to reservation offer so just sent message w/dates requested. *****NOTE: Will rent out my entire 3 bedroom FULLY FURNISHED Townhouse from October 1, 2015 until April 10th, 2016. So for a full 6 months while I am out of town***** ****Also note that we have 45+ reviews for all our guest rooms, past and present. Make sure to read through some of them in the review section below!**** This beautiful and cozy bedroom is perfect for two people with a comfortable queen size bed, beautiful decor and plenty of space. Large closets for your use as well. This room is on the 3rd (top) floor of my townhouse along with another bedroom and very large bathroom which both bedrooms share. The other bedroom is a Master Bedroom and both are available for rental together if more than 2 people are traveling together. That room has a King size Just north of Seattle and between two bus lines, the neighborhood and house are quiet. There is a bathroom next to the bedroom which we will make mostly yours while you are visiting. We have two well behaved dogs that mostly occupy the back room! This home is in an older, quiet neighborhood and yet within access of two bus lines. Your bedroom is just off of the main living room. We also have a kitchen, second living room and a big backyard. We work but will try to help you as much as possible while you are here. We are walking distance from a beautiful park. We are between two buslines.New, clean, simple and spacious apt with very comfy queen-size bed, great access to Fremont and other great Seattle areas.  Quiet building on a quiet street, but close to the action. Spacious apt in a newly refurbished building.  Carpet in BR, hardwood in living area. All new appliances and fixtures.  Comfortable bed with high quality mattress (I sleep here when it's not rented, and I need a comfortable bed for myself).  The living room is spacious and unfurnished because I use it as a yoga and dance space, so be aware that the apt does not have a traditional living room.  There is a great little outdoor area that is rarely used by tenants if you want to eat breakfast or dinner outside. I am available by phone, text message, or email, and happy to assist if you need anything. Great access to Seattle buses.  Fremont also has great restaurants, stores, and parks that are walkable. There is street parking available with a guest pass that I will provide.Unbeatable Seattle location, near all things artsy in Fremont, including the troll, cafes, shops, night life, walking trails & convenient buses. Beautiful  spot in the city, close-in w gardens. Plus huge towels, chocolate & wine, & chrome cast. Unbeatable Seattle location, near all things artsy in Fremont, including the troll, cafes, shops, night life, walking trails & convenient buses. Beautiful  spot in the city, close-in w gardens. Plus huge towels, chocolate & wine, & chrome cast. Charming, well laid out,  and welcoming apartment, with an awesome bed. I love offering this place to stay in one of the city's very popular neighborhoods. Buses are available to take you to most interesting tourist areas and info (pamphlets, etc.) is in the apt concerning scheduling etc. The cute turquoise dining table w/ optional table cloth (in the vintage cabinet)  is great for two or three guests.   NEW to airbnb?  Check out the reference request, for new guests in the airbnb  system, in "InteractionThis 1920's timber framed structure, which I began to renovate in 1995, has evolved over the last twenty years to reflect the early twentieth century hand crafted charm reminiscent of the period. This secluded and very quiet space is nestled in the trees with a territorial view to the southwest.  If you have an appreciation for hand crafted details this is the place for you: hand made windows, a bed frame made from salvaged fir bleacher seats, owner designed light fixtures, and traditionally crafted woodworking details throughout. The Chestnut stays cool in the summer and cozy in the winter with its heated concrete floors. Open all twelve windows south and west and you might think you're in a treehouse. This space is thoughtfully designed as a restful retreat after a long day of exploring or hectic day of business travel. If you like to cook, the kitchen is complete with a gas range, a full size electric oven, microwave, under counter refrigerator/ freezer, farm style sink, and all theCome stay in Maybelline, as we affectionately call her!  She an 2004 lovingly maintained Airstream trailer with a SLIDE!  She's roomy and Airstream cool!  Here's your chance to try one out in of one of Seattle's vibrant neighborhoods! Maybellene is a 2004 Airstream trailer with the coveted slide.  The interior finishes are the original understated materials with the odd added pop of color...more to come!  It's a clean, understated space waiting for you. We have just finished the hardscaping of the landscape design and will be putting in plant material soon. The trailer and it's lovely awning covered patio. We live on property so we are happy to provide any information you need while respecting your privacy. We are right on the border of the fun and funky Fremont and Wallingford neighborhoods, which are both an amazing mix of residential and shopping districts.  Walk score of 82, bike score of 77. Relax after a day spent adventuring at nearby Green Lake or take an excursion to nearby SoArtful. Clean. Bright. Comfortable. Peaceful. Sunny deck, huge windows on 3 sides, beautiful sunsets and views of the surrounding neighborhoods and the Olympic mountains, steps away from all the action: this top-floor, 1-bedroom apartment is a great place to stay during your Seattle visit.   The apartment has a queen-sized bed with a 100% natural latex mattress and it is perfect for 1 or 2 people. Other features include hardwood floors, washer and dryer, bathroom with a skylight, deck with sitting bench, original artwork, and a rooftop deck. The nice fully-equipped kitchen is stocked with some essentials for your convenience. Parking is on the street and it is not difficult to find a spot within 1-2 blocks. Guests can enjoy access to the rooftop deck. Free reserved garage parking spot is available for month-long or longer stays. I will welcome you, show you around the apartment, and gladly give you suggestions and ideas for things to do in the area, or answer any questions you might haOf the Tree & Clouds' “Trunk" apartment with exposed beams & mahogany wood is 8 blocks from Fremont's center & a hop to downtown Seattle. It is 620 sq. feet & sleeps 2. The décor has been lovingly agonized over. It's 1 of a trio of Airbnb apartments. The Trunk apartment is a 1-bedroom (approx. 620 sq. feet) with 9' ceilings on the middle floor of the 5-plex. Details include exposed beams, Spanish cast brass chandelier, original oak flooring and tile, and a keypad for hassle-free arrival and departure. There is a queen bed in the bedroom & an almost-queen sofabed in the living room (5" narrower than a queen, same length).  There's a full size galley kitchen with a Keurig K-Cup coffee maker and a moderate selection of cookware. The living room has a desk with a few supplies for business needs. The hall has a coat closet & linen closet. The bath has a tub & shower stall, medicine cabinet & 2 storage stools holding supplies. The 13' x 9' bedroom has a 9' wide closet, night stands, and qualGreat comfortable studio accommodates 2 people. Full kitchen, walking distance to restaurants, market, bus and lots of off street parking.Double bed in a pet and smoke free house with a shared bath is warm, cozy, quiet and one block to the bus line to downtown. In Fremont, a hip and interesting neighborhood to explore. Wi-fi, access to kitchen, laundry, computer and living room. We require check-in by 10:00 p.m., then feel free to head back out.  There is no curfew.   Small, windowless, dark, warm, quiet room with a fairly new Sealy mattress double bed, nothing fancy, but perfect for the traveler on the go. Roomy closet. Radiant heat floors. Pet-free. Wi-fi available. Smoke-free. Parking on the street never a problem. Ten-minute walk to downtown Fremont, one block to the bus. No private bath, but an additional bathroom upstairs, so never a line. The room, as described earlier, is very warm -- most sleep with the fan on especially in the summer.  Towels, robes, water glasses provided. My husband and myself will make your stay comfortable.  My husband needs the shared bathroom on weekday mornings from 7:00 a.m. to 7:15 a.mA lovely craftsman home in Upper Fremont. Quiet location, with easy access to shops, coffee, restaurants (Paseo's sandwiches!), and bus stops to downtown and Ballard. A 1940's craftsman remodeled craftsman house with new bathroom and kitchen. I am a theatre artist who commutes often between Seattle, Ashland (Oregon), and San Francisco, so my home is often available for guests to enjoy when I am working out of town. There are three spaces available for sleeping: a bedroom with a formal queen bed, a basement suite with a formal twin bed and extra queen air mattress, and an open den with a sectional sofabed that converts to a full. Privacy is a bit limited in the den, but I've had family and friends stay there without any problems. You will have access to the entire first floor of the house, including the living room, kitchen, den (with a sofabed), bathroom, basement suite (w/ laundry room) and dining room. There is an attic space that I use for storage of items, which will be locked up dEnjoy the sunset from our sweet apartment overlooking Ballard & the Olympic Mountains. Minutes by car to downtown Seattle & UW & easy walk to the shops, restaurants & nightlife of Fremont. Large deck, full kitchen & close to bike trail & bus lines. The space is very pleasant with a gas fireplace and french doors opening to a large covered deck with outdoor eating and lounging spaces.  There is a good size kitchen with electric stove, full refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker.  The bedroom has a queen bed and there is a pullout couch in the living room. Guests are welcome to connect to our wifi.  The unit has an Xbox (with access to Netflix and games) and a DVD player as well as a sound bar that can connect with a wire or Bluetooth to your music device. We live in the upstairs portion of the house so will be readily available. Our neighborhood is very centrally located.  We are just up the hill from the heart of Fremont which is known for it's cute shops, great restaurants and fun nEnjoy your own floor in our lovely Fremont townhouse! We're just 10 mins north of downtown Seattle, with great restaurants nearby, free street parking, easy bus access, a full kitchen, fireplace and rooftop deck w/views of Mt. Rainier and the city. Note: We don't charge a cleaning fee; it's included in our rate. → Enjoy comfort and privacy:  * You'll have the bottom floor of our home to yourselves, with a queen-sized bed, cable TV, Wi-Fi and a private bathroom with a shower.  * The main level has living and dining areas, a cozy gas fireplace, another bathroom, and a well-appointed kitchen to share with us.  * We offer self-service breakfast of coffee, tea, juice, toast, bagels, etc. (Susanna is a gluten-free vegan, but Patrick isn't, so we have lots of different breakfast options; just let us know what your dietary needs are.)  * Our private rooms are on the upstairs level, along with a washer and dryer that you're welcome to use. → Enjoy our rooftop deck:  * Take coffee or a cocktail Centrally located in the heart of Fremont, our amazing home is in just the right place to enjoy the various coffee shops, restaurants and lakes, but far enough away from the city to be quiet and tranquil as well. WELCOME TO SEATTLE! Centrally located in Fremont - one of Seattle's most desired and unique neighborhoods. Relax and enjoy the light-filled, contemporary space - just a few minutes from lively Ballard, Fremont and downtown. ROOMS All three bedrooms have private bathrooms with showers, queen size Sealy Posturpedic mattresses and the top two rooms have large walk-in closets. LOCATION When you're ready to venture, there are abundant choices nearby sure to entertain every type of traveler - from fantastic restaurants and boutique shops, to live music, to hike and bike trails. The house is conveniently located: 2.5 miles from the University of Washington, 1.0 mile to Seattle Pacific University, 4.0 miles to Children's Hospital, 5.0 miles to Downtown Seattle, 4.5 miles to the beach.This apartment is in a great area of Seattle, walkable to the Fremont market, great restaurants and bars. It has a balcony with a view of Lake Union, downtown Seattle, and Mount Rainier!Our home is in a highly desirable are near major bus lines and walking distance to iconic Fremont and Gas Works Park.  Have the house to yourself while we are away and make yourself at home.Nestled in the hills above eclectic Fremont/Ballard. 10 minute walk to downtown Fremont, 20 minute walk to Ballard breweries and close to bus lines. Best sunset view in the neighborhood. Baby/Kid friendly. WE HAVE 2 CATS. Very cozy space with unobstructed views of the Olympic Mountains, spectacular sunsets and very sunny. Walking distance to downtown Fremont. Very close to Ballard. (We have 2 cats the come and go thru a cat door) You will have access to the entire house, make yourself at home. We also have a grill, outdoor fire pit (plenty of wood), dishwasher (very nice), Ipod hookup for stereo and on-street parking. We will be available by email for any questions you may have and will also have someone available if you need immediate, in person, assistance. Our neighborhood is safe, quiet and located in a prime area. We are walking distance to downtown Fremont, the Woodland Park Zoo, the Burke Gilman trail, plenty of restaurants and breweries. Ballard is a 15-20 walk. We are very cloOur one bedroom plus pull out couch sits right between Fremont and Wallingford very close to downtown. Cozy with full kitchen, full bath and separate bedroom. Relaxing decor and lots of plants for clean air. Walk to endless restaurants and bars, or to Gas station and woodland park. Easy access to downtown, Fremont, Wallingford, Ballard and I-5. Right next to several bus route lines. Wifi television queen bed, laundry room, pull out couch. Rooftop deck CourtyardThe big brother to my Teeny Tiny Guesthouse, The Pad is a fully, self contained unit with full bath (shower), kitchenette, queen bed, outdoor deck, use of free bicycles.  Located in the center of Fremont in the center of the universe! NOTE: I will be away on vacation from 12/8-1/13.  During that time I will have a friend managing the place but may be a bit slow answering your booking request.  I will still have internet but may actually be out doing, you know, vacation stuff.  If you book a request please give me some time.  I will get back to you and, if the place is shown as available on the calendar, you're in.  Don't worry!  :) The Pad is a space that's been built and decorated specially for your happiness.  Well, also for my amusement....   I've been having so much fun renting my Teeny Tiny Guesthouse to folks that I wanted to do more and so added a 300 sq' studio into the attic of the old millworkers house adjacent to it.  But there's nothing attictive about it!  Or is there..?  Private room with queen bed and ensuite bathroom, on its own level of the house.  Quiet neighborhood but close to all that Fremont has to offer; Coffee, restaurants, shops and bars just 10 minutes away. Buses to Seattle, Ballard, Univ. of Washington. Your bedroom with private bathroom is on its own floor with direct access from the front door.  The bathroom has a full bathtub and adjustable shower head, and we provide towels, shampoo and soap.  Free wifi. Guests can use the kitchen and living space on the floor above.  Washing machine and dryer available on request. We like to hear about guest's travels and experiences, as it give us ideas on where to travel on our next journey.  We will also be happy to tell you about all the things to see, eat and drink in this area.  We have lived in Fremont for many years and do our best to keep up with all the new shops, restaurants and brewpubs around us.  If you are more independent we will give you a map and keep out of your way! Although the sStay in style - recent modern construction with comfortable and stylish furnishings.  Central location with easy access to all.   stainless kitchen, 5 burner stove, wi-fi throughout the house.   Do not send requests for stays shorter than 4 days. This standout modern architectural is new construction. ~90 walk score - bring comfy shoes.  Eco-friendly architectural with designer finishes - Exposed wood support beams, metal railings, granite counter tops, heated concrete and bamboo floors. Designed by cutting edge architecture firm - PB Elemental. Step out the door for direct downtown views, including the space needle. Wireless internet throughout.  The reason the exterior view doesn't have windows in the upper areas is because that's the bathroom - there's a deck opposite. Centrally located in Wallingford, this free-standing home (no shared walls) is 7 blocks to lively 45th street in Wallingford with a range of restaurants, coffee shops, bars, and eclectic shopping. First of many coffeeOur 1 bed 1 bath apartment is located in the heart of Fremont, directly across from the Fremont Troll. Just one block away from an array of restaurants and bars, and just blocks away from a bus stop that is a 5 minute ride to downtown Seattle.A derelict purchase in 1979, we have lovingly restored our traditional 1907 home. Attention to detail and craftsmanship make our home unique, and we are excited to share it with guests from all over the world. Private rooms and bath on upper story. A large master bedroom with 2 walk in closets in restored 1907 house. The bathroom is off the hall and reserved for guest use. We have provided robes and slippers for your comfort and convenience. The larger of the walk in closets contains a small partial kitchen for guest use, as the main house kitchen is unavailable for guests. It includes a small refrigerator with freezer, microwave, and electric tea kettle. We have provided dishes and basic utensils for guest use. There is also a small iron and ironing board located there.  The second walk in can be used for guest clothing. It also contains some games, toys and books for your enjoyment. Guests with children will delight in our unique hidden cubby hole, with a chair that converts into a lGreat location.4-story upscale townhouse beautifully decorated for holidays.  Rooftop deck with panoramic views of Seattle, Mount Rainier and Olympic Mountains. Over 140 restaurants/bars, 40 cafes and 30 arts&entertainment places within 1 mile. Upscale, modern townhome built in 2015 with plenty of upgrades, such as radiant heat, LED lights and 3-pane windows and roof top deck with panoramic views, including Mount Rainier and Olympic Mountains. Guests won't be sharing the house with the host nor other guests. Guests will have access to : - a bedroom with a queen bed (the one with blue and green patterned bedding) and a large closet.  - one full bathroom with bathtub/shower - entire downstairs with living room, leather sofa with power recliner and chaise, TV, home theater, kitchen etc - patio downstairs - a beautiful roof top deck with views. - for reservations for 3 or more people: also the second bedroom with a toddler bed (it is on the same floor as the first bedroom). If you need more than one queeBeautiful, cozy artist bungalow in the fabulous Fremont neighborhood. Gorgeous kitchen, incredible views from the front deck, easy parking, close to many major bus lines, free wifi, many top restaurants within walking distance. One bedroom, one bath 1930's craftsman artist bungalow in the vibrant Fremont neighborhood. The bedroom has built in shelving and bunk beds, with a ladder. The mattress on top is a full size, on the bottom a queen size. The open kitchen has plenty of natural light and a large counter top, great for cooking or turning it into your laptop office with views of the neighborhood. Cozy and colorful large living room/dining room area to read books, a visual treat with eclectic art and books for your enjoyment. There is a downstairs unit that I rent out, so please leave your irish dancing clogs at home!  One note about the place: As it's a house built in the 1930's, there are some of those quirks that you would expect to come along with an older place. The carpets in thThese digs are located in The Center of the Universe, as  the locals call Fremont. You're steps away from the Troll, Fremont Brewing, Theo Chocolate Factory, Sunday Market, and Gasworks Park. A quick bus ride will take you downtown or to the UW. The apartment consists of one cozy bedroom, a full bath, a living room/dining room and kitchen. Coin laundry is available onsite and off-street parking is available for an additional fee. I'm available via text for help and recommendations, but I can't always respond immediately. I love Seattle and I've lived here for a decade, so I'm happy to help if I can! Fremont is an artsy neighborhood with a lot of heart that is quickly becoming the epicenter of well-heeled young professionals and tech start-ups. The Solstice Parade in late June is famous for its naked cyclists, there's a Sunday Market with a variety of food and art, and it's always a good idea to sit by the canal, watching boats, bikers, and joggers go by. Want to drink? Go to Schilling 1 bdr of a 2 bdr cozy artist bungalow in the fabulous Fremont neighborhood. Queen size bed, spacious kitchen, great views from the front deck, parking, close to many major bus lines, free wifi, many top restaurants within walking distance. *Spring discount for the week May 22- June 1st!* (min 7 night stay) This is a gorgeous private bedroom in a two bedroom, one bath 1930's craftsman artist bungalow in the vibrant Fremont neighborhood.  The room has a queen size bed, soft shag carpet for the feet and teal crushed velvet floor to ceiling curtains. The open kitchen has plenty of natural light and a large counter top, great for cooking or turning it into your laptop office with views of the neighborhood. Cozy and colorful large living room/dining room area to read books, a visual treat with eclectic art and books for your enjoyment. There is a downstairs neighbor so leave your irish dancing clogs at home ;) Spring has sprung has flowers and foliage abound on the patio and front porch. It It is a shoeless house.  The bathroom is on the first floor and is shared with the host.  I have a single bed in my laundry room that looks onto my patio and garden.  The room has a nice reading chair and small table.  Usually this room serves as an additional bed for times when there is a third person staying with me.  The room is off the kitchen, and has a shoji screen for privacy, but can be a little less than perfectly quiet if someone is using the kitchen early in the morning or late at night.  It's a sweet room for the right traveller.  The house is shared with me, a single artist, and if you're renting this room, there are likely guests in the bedroom upstairs.   There is a single full bathroom that we all share, and it's cozy, yet comfortable.  The house is in a great central Seattle location, between two creative commercial neighborhoods, Wallingford and Fremont .  Bus lines are 2 short blocks away, and the U of W is about a 30 minute walk.  Street parking is usually fairly eaEnjoy your stay at a modern studio apartment with private access in the heart of Seattle's charming Fremont neighborhood. Just minutes from downtown Seattle, live like a local with easy access to major bus lines and plenty of good eats/drinks around! The space is a basement studio apartment with a full kitchen, bath, and queen sized bed. The studio comfortably sleeps 2, but there's a sectional couch that could work for an extra guest. We have plenty of extra blankets and linens if you should need them. The kitchen is fully stocked with dishes and cookware if you have the urge to whip up a meal. We also have a french press for your coffee needs.  The full size, heated bathroom comes equipped with a large vanity/mirror and plenty of plush towels. Extra toiletries are available in the event you forget your go-to shampoo and body wash. Tired from running around the city all day? Please treat yourself to a relaxing bubble bath! We have a flatscreen TV and XBOX for any relaxing couch time. YOur good sized bedroom is in a newly constructed modern townhome with an in-unit full bathroom. It also has a private entrance + a private garden. The room is tastefully decorated and comfortably fits two, and is located with easy access to places! Situated in Fremont, Seattle, this is a good sized room in a modern newly constructed townhome with an in-unit full bathroom. It also has a private entrance and a private garden. The room is tastefully decorated and is furnished with a full-sized bed, a working desk, water heater, lots of drawer & shelf space, a nightstand, a floor lamp, free WIFI, a closet to hang clothes, and also a private bathroom with a tub. Parking is easy and free around the neighborhood if you are renting a car. Fresh linens, towels, hair dryer are provided. Private entrance with a private garden. In-unit full bathroom with a tub. The guests will access to Heat, hot water, clean towels, bed sheets, pillows, blankets, WIFI, shampoo, body wash, hand soap, hair dryer…et- Fantastic view of the Olympics! (3rd story building on a hill) - 1-2 block(s) from all of the Fremont bars and restaurants - Interior was decorated two years ago with granite counter tops and hardwood floors. - My room is about a 12x12 with a full side frame/bed that fits two.  The room has a view of Fremont and a small part of downtown Seattle All parts except my roommate's room will be accessible. I will be available for contact throughout the duration of your stay. - Fremont has been called the Center of the Universe by those that reside in it.  - The place you'll stay in is mere blocks from the bars and restaurants. The neighborhood is a 15 minute bus ride away from downtown with a bus stop a block away. - Fremont is the most centrally located neighborhood in terms of proximity to other neighborhoods. - There is a bus stop one block away - The place is within blocks of all the bars and restaurants in Fremont. There is one bathroom, which is shared between you and my roommate.Private clean bedroom with a queen sized bed, wardrobe space, shared bathroom and kitchen. Scenic location with the best pubs, breweries and cafes within a mile. Close to downtown with bus stops within 0.2 milesBR & bath (sink/ vanity and toilet) are private (share shower only): twin bed, lg. closet, Wi-Fi, modern home, clutter free, LIKE NEW CLEAN.  Neighborhood close to everything you would want yet is QUIET,COMFORTABLE, HIDDEN. Free parking.  New, modern, clean, quiet and no clutter, yet very comfortable. Your room is upstairs on 2nd floor. Residential neighborhood close to everything great about Downtown Seattle and the Seattle area. Neighborhood walkability score of 91 out of 100. House is 5 blks from Wallingford and Fremont proper; Ballard and Queen Anne are next door. Short 1/2 block from direct bus to downtown Seattle, Space Needle, UW, Seattle Pacific U., a large Shopping Center, etc. Other buses, close to other destinations. High quality beds and cotton linens and towels, plus soap and shampoo are provided. Tea and coffee are provided in main kitchen. Control own heat in your room. If a another person in room, there is an extra long twin futon available for $15 per night. Please letSweet room for two close to Fremont, Wallingford and UW! Come stay with us! This is one of two rooms we have listed on airbnb. Please look at both listings to choose the one that suits your needs or you can rent them both to sleep up to 4 people. Kids under 5 stay free so book for 2 people if you have a little person as a third guest.  The room has a double bed, desk, WiFi, clean linens, couch, and double window seat. Right outside the room is a kitchenette with a toaster oven, coffee maker, small fridge, fresh filtered water supply, tea kettle and dishes for you to use.  ***Please note*** The bathroom is on the same level and is shared with the other guests. Located in the Fremont/Wallingford neighborhood. Easy access to downtown Seattle (15 min bus ride) and University of Washington (10 min bus ride) and walking distance to all the fun stuff to do in Fremont and Wallingford. Restaurants of every variety, movie theatre, pubs, Burke Gilman Trail, and libraries all close by. We are happPrivate "tree top" room  is large and light w/ high ceiling and sleeps 2-3. Artsy 1920's home has hardwoods, baby grand & leaded glass .  Parking included.  Walk through the neighborhood to shops and cafes.  So close to buses too. Walk score of 87. Beautiful country in the city feel, overlooking trees and gardens. Very comfortable bed in light airy room with a high ceiling. Clutter free with fresh flowers and chocolate to welcome you. The tile bathroom is newer and the landing area offers extra privacy and a sitting area. My home is a 1920's tudor with leaded glass, hardwood floors, picture molding and very peaceful surroundings yet in the middle of the Fremont neighborhood.  You can walk to the new restaurant district at 43rd and Fremont Ave or down into the center for more food and entertainment or to access the Burke Gilman running and bike trail.  Check photos for ambiance and the baby grand piano. The kitchen is totally cool with a large gas range, french door fridge, and southwesPerfect for single traveler - plenty of closet and drawer space and super fast wifi - the location is in artsy Fremont with lots to do, eat, and see within walking distance of the famous Fremont Troll.In a perfect location! Spacious & comfy treetop room w garden outlook.  Cute bathroom, sitting area/desk, great kitchen, close to everything - shopping, clubs and zoo!  Great country like setting!   (walk score=87) Happy New Year!    Seattle is growing lighter by the day and we're all loving it.  Winter pricing is in effect so you can get some great values now as well.  It's still pretty grey most days, and the rain this year has been epic.  But as well, the snow in the mountains has already surpassed last year's total.  It's a great time to be here.  There's snowshoeing and some early skiing in the mountains, great hikes, and snow on the mountain tops. The house is truly artsy and secluded, on over 7000 sf w/ gardens and a gravel patio, and it's in the midst of the city with easy access everywhere.  Enter a country in the city atmosphere with  fir trees and maple tree branches reaching to the sky, twinkling night lights of Queen Anne and lower Fremont peaking through the trees and misLocated in the artsy neighborhood of Fremont, The Hermitage is suitable for retreat, regeneration and renewal or for exploration of the creative and energetic city of Seattle. The Hermitage is a cozy hideaway with its own bathroom with heated towel rack and full tub/shower. It is located on the ground floor of a three story townhome and includes a private patio and urban meditation garden. The full size bed will comfortably accommodate one or cozily accommodate two. There is no room for extra guests. Free Wi-Fi, and in room coffee maker. Microwave and mini refrigerator are located in the entry hall for your use. We live on-site, so can generally respond to questions or concerns as they arise. While we always enjoy meeting our guests, we also respect their privacy. Ground floor access allows you to come and go without disturbing anyone. Many guests find so much to see and do in Seattle that we hardly see them. We are a block from the world famous Fremont Troll noted for capturing an err100% satisfaction from people we host online and offline! Right next to offices of Alphabet, Tableau, Adobe, Brooks, etc. I've just started offering this space, so you get an unheard-of price on a completely fantastic space. One bedroom on the top floor of a brand new apartment building with use of full kitchen, washer dryer, wi-fi. The apartment is within 2-minute walking distance of 10 bus lines going to Seattle downtown, Belltown, south lake union, UW.  Safe and artistic neighborhood!   The apartment is super airy and equipped with big windows which has beautiful view.  It is well decorated, spotless and welcoming.  Clean linens and towels will be left in the room for your arrival.  You also have access to the beautiful rooftop where BBQ, wifi, and seats are available for you to enjoy the fabulous view of Seattle. Feel free to store your belonging in the bathroom and your room but please leave common areas free of your belongings. Feel free to use the kitchen. Help yourself to coffeCentrally located in the heart of Fremont, our light filled townhome is in just the right place to enjoy the various coffee shops, restaurants and lakes, but far enough away from the city to be quiet and tranquil as well. WELCOME TO SEATTLE! Our light filled townhome is centrally located in Fremont - one of Seattle's most desired and unique neighborhoods. Relax and enjoy the our design-inspired contemporary space just a few minutes from lively Ballard, Fremont and downtown. YOUR ROOM Your room has a Queen sized Sealy Posturpedic mattress, which is so comfortable you won't want to get out of it. You have a large open desk at the foot of the bed which is great for spreading your stuff out on, and just adjacent to that is a Barcelona style recliner chair with ottoman and a side table for relaxing. You have a full bathroom with bathtub, large open countertop and a walk-in closet with lots of hangers and a dresser so you can get settled in out of our suitcase. The internet here is on a busiLocated in the heart of Fremont near to lots of bars and restaurants. Close to many bus lines (easy access to downtown). Easy hop to Ballard area breweries. Apartment is cozy, with a gallery style kitchen, balcony and TV with DVD & hulu/netflix. Sofa bed is comfy! Cozy apartment will feel like home with easy access to fun Seattle bars and restaurants. Access to living room, kitchen, balcony and full bath. Kitchen is fully equipped, but you'll have to do your own dishes. Fridge is available to store things as well. You'll be staying on the sofa bed (clean sheets and blankets provided). There is coin operated laundry in the building (detergent isn't provided). I work during the day and come and go during evenings and weekends. Happy to provide recommendations for places to go! Located in the Fremont neighborhood. Easy access to downtown Seattle (15 min bus ride on the 28 or 40) and University of Washington (10 min bus ride on the 32 or 31) and walking distance to all the fun stuff to do Walk into our clean, modern home and enjoy your own private bedroom, bathroom, use of our laundry and kitchen. Our espresso is fantastic. 7-minute walk to RapidRide, with 20-min ride to downtown. 2 miles to University of Washington. 1 mile to Greenlake. We have a cat! Our townhouse was built in 1999; it's narrow with 3 levels. It's the second one in a row of four. Your room is a smaller space with a queen size bed, desk, small closet space, with your own bathroom and stand-up shower.  The laundry room is right next to the bedroom, feel free to use the machine. We keep extra toiletries and towels for your use. Our room is across the hall. The kitchen and living area is on top, featuring high ceilings, skylights, and a small balcony with views all the way out to Lake Union and the Space Needle to the south. It's cozy in the winter and hot in the summer, so we've got heated floors and a small AC unit for all weather.  Our kitchen features a gas stove, high end cookware, and a fancy espresA private getaway in the heart of the Center of the Universe, aka Fremont! Trade noise for serenity and a well-deserved rest by the fire place. The cottage is conveniently located near everything Seattle offers. Start your Seattle adventure! LOCATION  Fremont is called the unofficial Center of the Universe for a reason! As a young city dweller, I LOVE this vibrant neighborhood. The location is incredible -- fun, convenient, and safe. You will be close to downtown, bike trails, coffee shops,  bars, restaurants, boutique shopping, PCC Natural Market for groceries, Car2Go, buses, ZipCar, and friendly faces. It's also an option to rent a car for the day and be out in the mountains. COTTAGE A fully separate ~320 sq foot dwelling designed for the comfort of guests.  The cottage is set back off the street, so it is very quiet and relaxing.  The Urban Cottage in Fremont features: + skylights + bathroom with shower + recycled glass counter + restored hardwood floors + queen, memory foam bed + dNewly renovated 2bdrm apartment in a great location!  Everything is done to a very high standard.  The apartment is only a short walk to trendy Fremont shops, cafes and restaurants.   Close to Woodland Park Zoo and the Burke Gilman running trail. Luxurious and all new apartment in one of Seattle's most popular neighborhoods. This apartment was recently completely renovated by an interior designer.  New kitchen, baths, furnishings—everything is beautifully designed to a high standard. Beds and linens are as good (or better) than those found in five star hotels.  The apartment sleeps six comfortably with a king bed in the master bedroom, two twins in the 2nd bedroom that can be converted to a king and a queen sized sofa sleeper with an upgraded very comfortable mattress.  The furnishings are modern, luxurious and comfortable.  We have three apartments in this building. There is a coin operated laundry room on the first floor of the building.  An off street parking spot is included. ThereTravelers like our apartment because it is well equipped, clean and has all the amenities.  Whether you use it as a crash pad after skiing, hiking, shopping at local outdoor markets, or it is your home away from home - we've got you covered. We are uniquely situated between some of Seattle's best  neighborhoods, including Fremont, Ballard and Phinney,  just minutes away from downtown.  This apartment is nested in a safe neighborhood.  There is one large dorm style bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom/laundry room.  The apartment has a separate entrance from the main house. We are 3 short minutes away from the bus stop, and a 10 minute bus ride from downtown Seattle, and buses run frequently.   Whether you are a family on vacation or taking a weekend retreat with friends you will find this to be the perfect place to start your Seattle exploration.  Within walking distance you will find neighborhood coffee shops (world class coffee), gourmet burgers, Cuban Sandwiches, and a groceryNested in between 4 great neighborhoods, great for walking to multiple areas. This room is located on the main level of the house, next to the bathroom and kitchen. Vintage, modern 1910 craftsman with dark exposed wood beams in the living and dining room. 2 of the bedrooms are located on the main with the ONLY bath in the house. The other bedroom is located in the basement, which is occupied by my roommate Marshall.  Your room comfortably sleeps 2 in a Queen bed with fresh linens,  Restoration Hardware Duvet and pillows. You are welcome to use the closet to hand some belongings, as well as the extra drawer in the dresser.  Included in your stay: -towels and linens -coffee or tea (if you take milk please let me know what kind) -wifi -shampoo/conditioner  -hair dryer (available upon request)  Please note that we live off a main street and it can be loud in morning when people start commuting. If you are sensitive to sound I would recommend using ear plugs or listening to music to fall asOur 4-bedroom, 3-bath, 1906 farmhouse is located in Seattle's fun and funky Fremont neighborhood. The main floor features a spacious and cheerful kitchen, sunny living/dining room, bathroom, sunroom, library, an large deck, perfect for entertaining. There are 3 bedrooms on the third floor, one with a king, one with a queen bed, and one with a trundle bed. There is a bath with shower on the top floor. The fourth spacious bedroom (queen bed) is on the first floor, there is also a full bath and a family room (with a 65" HD TV) on this floor (with access to back yard). The house has a big front porch, plenty of on-street parking, 5 bikes guests can use, WiFi, BBQ, and a large yard and patio. Guests will have access to the whole house. We may see you upon arrival and departure, but we will not be interacting with you much. Our neighbors do have an extra key. We are in upper Fremont, just blocks from great coffee (Lighthouse and Café Vita), great food (Paseo, Via Tribunali, Rockfish, Revel, Your own private room in a shared house. Comfortable dorm sized twin bed in a cubby under a set of stairs and a day bed with trundle. Shared living room, deck with table and chairs, kitchen, & shared bathroom. Minutes to downtown and more! Welcome to my comfortable and quiet home in Wallingford. This 1923 Craftsman is a great place to lay your head while working or taking in the Seattle sights.  I love animals, but will want to discuss who (dog or other pet) you are bringing in advance.  The house has a large, secure, fenced yard. Guests will have a private bedroom with a dorm-size twin bed that is tucked cozily into a cubby under a set of stairs, a closet, the living room, and their own entrance. There is a day bed that can work as a comfy sofa for one guest or can be used as a second bed for two guests.  A trundle lives under the day bed and can be brought out for another guest.  That means this room can sleep up to 3 people comfortably.  The trundle does extend, but it not flush witBeautiful, cozy artist bungalow in the fabulous Fremont neighborhood. Gorgeous kitchen, incredible views from the front deck, easy parking, close to many major bus lines, free wifi, many top restaurants within walking distance. Hi! Before you contact me, PLEASE: 1). Read the ENTIRE listing carefully.  2). FILL OUT your profile, including description of who you are, a pic, etc.  3). Be clear that this is a listing for a single bedroom in a two bedroom house. The other bedroom may have a guest in it during your stay. There is a separate listing for the whole house. Thank you!  Private bedroom in a two bedroom, one bath 1930's craftsman artist bungalow in the vibrant Fremont neighborhood.  The bedroom has built in shelving and a loft bed, with ladder. The upper bunk has a futon mattress on the upper bunk (with an extra foam mattress for comfort), and there is a standard full size box spring mattress without frame on the bottom bunk. The open kitchen has plenty of natural light and a largeThis 12x13 guest room is quiet, peaceful and bright, yet within walking distance from everything beautiful, quirky Fremont has to offer.  We have a cute two bedroom apartment in the heart of Fremont. The guest bedroom available for you is about 12x13 feet. It is furnished with a double bed and a desk. This room would make a great base for exploring the area. We will share the apartment with you. Feel free to use the kitchen, dining room, living room, and bathroom. Hangers and towels are provided! Coin laundry is available downstairs ($3.00 total for wash & dry). Free street parking is available within a block. We are happy to give you as much privacy as you need and will be coming and going with our own busy schedules. That being said, it is a small apartment, so we are likely to run into each other. This apartment is best suited as a base for you to explore the area, if you expect to be out and about most of the time. I have been using Airbnb for a long time so I also enjoy getting toCome relax in an urban getaway with a hot tub, privacy and walking distance to the "Center of the Universe" area of Fremont that is alive with restaurants, nightlife & art. Close to downtown and public transport, our place is ideal for exploring Seattle We live within a few blocks of downtown Fremont. We have a backyard garden and hot tub. If you are here for the weekend enjoy the art walk and the Sunday market! Separate entrance with a downstairs apartment that has a bedroom with a king bed, and a pullout sofa sleeper. You can access the backyard and the hot tub any time! I have lived in Seattle for almost a decade, and can recommend where to go to eat great food, listen to music or just chill out! Catch a massage at Two Happy Feet, then stroll through downtown Fremont where you can hit the night life, listen to jazz or indie music, and have almost any food from pub to Indian to excellent Thai! Lots of places to go for a run or do yoga as well! Easy street parking and public transport4-story upscale townhouse with rooftop deck and panoramic views of Seattle, Mount Rainier and Olympic Mountains. 5 minute walk to Adobe, GOOGL, Proquest. Over 140 restaurants/bars, 40 cafes and 30 arts & entertainment places within 1 mile Upscale, modern townhome built in 2015 with plenty of upgrades, such as radiant heat, LED lights and 3-pane windows and roof top deck with panoramic views, including Mount Rainier and Olympic Mountains. Guests will have access to : - one bedroom with a queen bed and a large closet - one full bathroom with bathtub/shower - entire downstairs with living room, leather sofa with power recliner and chaise, TV, home theater, kitchen etc - patio downstairs - a beautiful roof top deck with views. Street parking (based on availability) is free, however Monday to Saturday it is restricted to two hours between 8 am and 8 pm and is not allowed without a permit between 8 pm and midnight. For $10 extra daily you can use my guest parking permit for unlimited street Beautiful unit in artsy Fremont. Bars and restaurants are just a block away and you will be  within walking distance from the Troll,  Gasworks Park and just a 15 min bus ride from the Space Needle. Enjoy access to a back porch and a private entrance. There is one bedroom that can sleep two and a foldable futon which can sleep 1 or 2. There is also a 6 foot long lovesac that can be used as a bed. You will have access to a back porch and your private entrance. One complimentary off street parking spot is included. You will have the place to yourself during the stay, but if you have any questions or concerns then help will be just a phone call away. You can walk down to the Ballard locks and watch the ships crossing over to the Sound. You are just a block away from a variety of bars and restaurants. You are also within walking distance from the local chocolate factory (Theo) that does daily tours.  You can also walk to the iconic Fremont Troll or to Gasworks Park which offers an unparalleBuilt in 1890 and beautifully restored.  Upstairs is a master bed with bath and two other bedrooms plus another full bath. Large kitchen, living room and dining room on the main floor.  Guest room with queen bed and bunks in the basement. Great home and great location. Upstairs: The master bedroom has a view of the top of the Space Needle with a loft and full bath (sleeps two in queen bed).  Two other upstairs bedrooms are smaller and each sleep up to two in double beds plus one has a small fold out couch.  They share a full bath off the hall. Main floor: Large kitchen dining room and living room designed for entertaining and hanging out.  A den with computer and a bath with shower are also on the main floor. Basement: Guest room with queen bed and twin bunks can sleep four.  TV room with 50" LCD (no cable, but internet access and over the air TV) have two full sizes couches.  Small infrared sauna holds two people. Yard: back deck off the kitchen has small table, lawn, gas bbq and gardnewly renovated 1904 triplex. Top unit has fantastic roof deck and view. Beautifully decorated. High end appliances. Vintage detail. Air conditioning. 2 queen beds and one hide a bed.Located in Seattle's fun and trendy Fremont neighborhood along Lake Union, this newly finished garden studio has everything you need in a location that cannot be beat. The property boasts a beautiful blend of traditional and modern design and the home is fit for print, having been featured in Pacific NW Magazine and Houzz.  SLEEPING Rest comfortably and peacefully on a deluxe queen size mattress with Tempur-Pedic topper. In the closet there are two spa quality robes hanging for your comfort and enjoyment. By the bed sits an Kikkerland alarm clock – whether you set it or sleep in is up to you. In the living room, the couch transforms into a full size sleeping option for additional guests with a topper for added comfort, soft cotton sheets, a comforter, and additional pillows. It's a perfect place for an additional adult or two children to sleep serenely through the night. KITCHEN & DINING AREA The apartment's fully appointed kitchen includes a Frigidaire five-burner range and oven, a FrRight at the crossroads of the Fremont and Wallingford neighborhoods, this luxurious, newly remodeled flat is ideally located for ventures downtown or into any of North Seattle's unique, colorful locales while exploring Seattle's local flavor. It's super luxurious!  TOTALLY  REMODELED AND NEW!  No expense was spared in this wonderful space created by one of Seattle's most respected long time Design Build firms, CRD Design Build.  The perfect space for four people to use as headquarters for work or play exploring Seattle.  Very green construction, solar panels provide all the electricity, cozy floor heat in the living room/kitchen/bath for your barefoot toes.  State of the art custom kitchen cabinetry and appliances, cozy carpets, and beautifully decorated.... And we have the most beautiful chickens in the back (URL HIDDEN) count on some fresh eggs on the doorstep.  The outdoor private patio has covered seating for four and a lovely rocking chair to relax in, while the BBQ heats up to gOur luxurious all new apartment is in one of Seattle's most popular neighborhoods. This apartment was just completely renovated by interior designer, Ellen Henry of Ellen Henry Designs. New kitchen, baths, furnishings—everything is beautifully! Luxurious and all new apartment in one of Seattle's most popular neighborhoods. This apartment was recently completely renovated by an interior designer.  New kitchen, baths, furnishings—everything is beautifully designed to a high standard. Beds and linens are as good (or better) than those found in five star hotels.  The apartment sleeps six comfortably with a king bed in the master bedroom, two twins in the 2nd bedroom that can be converted to a king and a queen sized sofa sleeper with an upgraded very comfortable mattress.  The furnishings are modern, luxurious and comfortable.  We have three apartments in this building. There is a coin operated laundry room on the first floor of the building.  An off street parking spot is included. There iI have a guest bedroom available in my home in Upper Fremont. Quiet location, with easy access to shops, coffee, restaurants (Paseo's sandwiches!), and bus stops to downtown and Ballard. I am a theatre artist who commutes often between Seattle, Ashland (Oregon), and San Francisco. I have a lovely house in Seattle with a spare room that is available for guests. When I am out of town, the entire house is available (listed separately). This listing is for the guest room only. You will have access to the entire first floor of the house, including the living room, kitchen, bathroom (not shared with me), and dining room. There is also a basement suite/studio with an adjacent laundry room. My bedroom and home office are on the attic level of the house, which is separated by a door, and I'm usually pretty out of your way. You will have a good deal of privacy. If you prefer more interaction, I'm also happy to give tips and suggestions on places to go, eat, etc. Delicious things to eat nearby:  Spacious, modern, new studio apartment located in the vibrant Fremont neighborhood of Seattle. 5 minute walk to restaurants, bars, & shopping. 1 minute walk to the bus stop where a 10 minute ride will take you downtown Seattle. Make yourself at home.A clean, quiet and comfortable bedroom and bathroom. With it's own separate entrance you can have as much privacy as you like. A great walking neighborhood between Fremont and Wallingford... easy bus access everywhere else.    I do a fair amount of business travel and I tried to create the kind of environment I like... a clean, quiet, comfortable and private space. It's perfect for people who will be spending most of their time exploring the city and would like the conveniences of a nice smoke-free and pet-free hotel set-up: a comfortable bed, good local coffee (and non-local tea), a great new bathroom/shower, fast WiFi, a desk with plenty of outlets for charging all your "stuff", a TV w/ Netflix, an iron and ironing board, a hairdryer and off-street parking. Warm wood trim and tasteful art. Also, there's a stereo w/ a turntable and a pile of albums. If you let me know what kind of music you like I'll try to tailor the albums for you. If you like classic jazz you're definitely in luck.This lovely 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom mother-in-law apartment is right in the heart of Fremont - within walking distance of many of Seattle's best restaurants and shops.  It is fully furnished and well equipped, including a beautiful kitchen with views. Our home has a main bedroom with a queen bed and a second bedroom with a bunk bed that has a twin on top and a full on the bottom.  There is one bathroom with a shower/tub.  We also have a washer and dryer as well as a dishwasher and other amenities to make it feel like home. You will have access to the apartment that attaches to the back of the house.  It has it's own separate entrance. I am available to let you in to the apartment as well as answer any questions you might have about the house/area, etc. Fremont is known as the center of the universe.  It is fun, quirky, full of life and full of character. There is only street parking with this rental.  The house is close to a major bus line as well.  Fremont is about ten minutes to downtoWelcome! If you crave a local experience with a chill, social vibe, and don't mind cats, my 800sqft Fremont apt has a skyline view, spiral staircase loft with king bed for 2, yard, fire pit, kitchen and full bath. I'd love to be your host! Are you ready for the Seattle experience? If you're 420 friendly, don't mind cats, and want to crash on a king bed in an artist's loft–then welcome to my home! I've lived in this apartment 4 years, and love the light, open feeling of the space. The place is decorated in a modge podge of antiquities and random Seattle art. There's a large television–which only plays dvds and Nintendo games (original, super and wii). And there's a fabulous view of Mount Rainier, South Lake Union, the Space Needle and the Cascade Mountains. The 3rd floor loft is semi-private, as it has no door, but is large, and you'll feel comfortable. The king bed can accommodate 2 people. You'd be waking up to the sunrise over the Cascade Mountain Range and the Seattle skyline. I'd bGarden Apartment on the ground floor of Craftsman home in Fremont.  Cute and comfortable; just steps to cafes, markets, restaurants, nightlife & Zoo. Easy access to I-5,  Hwy 99 & transit. Convenient to UW, Burke-Gilman, Shilshole Bay or Downtown. This apartment is on the ground floor of a classically beautiful Craftsman home with modern updates. This inviting apartment is located in upper Fremont, a residential neighborhood but just steps to transit, cafes, shops, restaurants, grocery, yoga studio and more. Open and airy, the main room features Pergo floors, a fully equipted kitchen, dining area & comfortable living room.  The leather couch features a foldout bed with Serta mattress. The full bath has tile floors with a tub/shower combo.  The cozy bedroom has a queen bed and plenty of closet space.  There is a washer and dryer available for use. There is easy access to I-5 and Hwy 99. We are close to the Zoo, Greenlake and all that Fremont, Ballard and Wallingford offer. For eating ouSmall apartment with Queen bed walking distance from all the Fremont shops and restaurants. Tiny kitchen, hardwood floors, record player, easy bus ride downtown. Laundry room, kitchen, bathroom Cute, quiet, pretty, the vintage shops, restaurants, coffee, and music venues are amazing. Try Mo Jam Mondays at the Nectar or see the funk band Marmalade at the High Dive on a Thursday.This sweet basement apartment is right in between the Wallingford and Fremont neighborhoods. Lots of great bars and restaurants in walking distance. The apartment is cozy and sweet, with a great kitchen you're welcome to use.One quiet private room available in a two bedroom apartment. Located one block away from all the action Fremont has to offer; shops, bars, restaurants, and clubs. Close to all main bus lines that take you downtown without a transfer. The room is quiet, simple, and offers a comfortable Full size bed. Living room has a big south facing window that overlooks the valley to which the river named the Fremont Cut, pours into Lake Union. It's a small space but very clean. You will have full access to the bathroom, living room, dining area and kitchen. Feel free to buy food for quick meals. We offer tea and coffee to make for yourself if you'd like. If you need help with anything you can text me on my cell phone. I will be happy to tell you where cool places are located and give you tips on what to do if you're just visiting Seattle. The Neighborhood is a late twenties early thirties demographic. Lots of coffee shops, vintage clothing boutiques, bars, weed shops, and restaurants that cater to vAdorable, spacious, & clean home close to dwntown, Green Lake, UW, Gasworks, zoo, & more! Walk to restaurants, coffee, parks. Tall ceilings, clawfoot tub, large bdm w/queen bed, & fenced backyard make this home great! Sofa can be used for 3rd person. This home has so much to offer...from the front porch swing to the backyard hammock, it is a great space for your Seattle stay.  Combining the charm of a 1906 farmhouse with many modern upgrades, you get the best of both worlds.  Enjoy dinner at the large dining table or walk to one of the many close by restaurants.   You won't be disappointed! Guests have access to everything but the home office.   I will not be present during guest's stay. It's so close to everything...really!  You can drive to downtown in 5-7 minutes.  Or walk to the Woodland Park Zoo, Green Lake, Fremont, and Gas Works Park.   Absolutely easy!  Very close to bus lines (three to five blocks), Highway 99 and I5.Home is located just north of down town Seattle and Lake Union in Funky Fremont neighborhood and just 2 blocks from ship canal park and Burke Gillman trail for a pleasant walk to center of Fremont where you will enjoy many quaint shops and a great variety of restaurants. Walk to the Fremont Sunday market, outdoor cinema, Solstice parade / festival, Oktoberfest and many other fun activities!.    Home includes 2 bedrooms with queen sized beds and an office with double sized futon and sleeps up to 6 guests.  Kitchen/Dining space and living room flow through French doors into 3 level deck with hot tub, table, chairs, covered cooking area including BBQ, sink, small fridge !  Off street parking for 1 car(URL HIDDEN)****** ***TWO NIGHT BOOKINGS ACCEPTED ONLY ON TWO NIGHT VACANCIES  BETWEEN TWO OTHER BOOKINGS.***(URL HIDDEN)Will discount cleaning fee(URL HIDDEN) **************(URL HIDDEN)May 15th to September 10th $265. a night -3 night minimum week day(URL HIDDEN) 4 night minimum on weekends Beautiful light filled, top floor, loft apartment on Lake Union in the heart of fabulous Fremont. Patio with spectacular views, easy parking, on major bus routes, minutes walk to (website hidden), Adobe, and all the fun and fantastic restaurants of Fremont. Sleeps 2 (up to 3-4 if a shorter stay) This is a beautiful home decorated with owner's ceramic artwork and paintings from around the world. Chef's fully equipped kitchen, small outside grill, wood fireplace and charming deck for a glass of wine overlooking the sailboats on the lake and Mt Rainier make this airy apartment romantic, cozy and chic all at the same time. One block away from all that Fremont has to offer...the Troll, Burke Gilman Trail, Gasworks park, public float for water access and swimming, and multitudes of quaint restaurants, and specialty bars featuring wine, whisky, beer and hard cider. You will have access to the entire home. A queen size bed upstairs and the large L couch, to comfortably sleep four people. ThereThis lovely, fun cottage for 1 or 2 guests is nestled on a quiet street in convenient, desirable Upper Fremont. Artfully compact, it has real-home features like gas kitchen, tub/shower bathroom, & sleeping loft to enhance your Seattle visit! This is an open-floor-plan cottage with areas for living room, full kitchen, full bathroom and sleeping loft with a double bed. The cottage is detached and located behind the owner's 1901 single family home.  If you are with a larger group, this cottage can work in tandem with a wonderful 3 bedroom house right next door that accommodates up to six guests. (on this site at https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1844791?guests=6&s=iUrm ) The footprint of the cottage is about 12 x 20 feet, plus the sleeping loft above a portion of it adds another 8 x 10 feet. The main room has an airy, high pitched ceiling and skylight, and the adjoining kitchen and bathroom lie below the sleeping loft.  The loft is accessed by a well-attached, sturdy ladder. Once in the loft, 3 bedroom in walking distance to many of the city's best restaurants, coffee shops, bus stop to downtown in 7 minutes, woodland park zoo, theo chocolate, gasworks park, and burke gilman trail. minimalist and modern. great for families. entire unit is yours with it's own private entrance. we live upstairs and are available by phone or email as needed. center of the universe. walk down urban stairs to the number 5 bus stop 7 minutes to downtown uberx is $10 or less to most places in seattle walk to restaurants, bars, and groceries no tv stovetop coffeemaker waffle maker/sandwich maker highchair available upon request this is a downstairs apartment over a garage so you will hear foot traffic, noise from above and the garage door opener below. we are transitioning this unit from a regular rental to a vacation rental which means that while we complete some repairs we will offer the space at a reduced rate. any feedback greatly appreciated. coming soon: new windows and screensThis room in on the 1st floor of my townhouse. It's a bit smaller with a full size bed, closet and bathroom. It has a sliding door that looks into the backyard (nothing special tho!) The townhouse is 3 bedroom and 3 bath. The post is for 1 bedroom but you can also rent 2 bedrooms. My house is located near many bus lines that will take you downtown within 20 minutes. There are several small marts around that are in walking distance and there is a major grocery store about 10 blocks away. This area is flooded with car to go's and uber so it's very easy to get around. The common area boasts a fully loaded kitchen and well equipped living room for your stay. The kitchen is free for you to use as long as you clean up after yourself. The living room has TV, entertainment systems and lots of space to relax or get together. Check in: After 6pm Check out: Before 10am. If you need more flexible check in/out times please inquire since I just need to make sure I have time to clean if there is backIf you're looking to stay in Seattle, look no further than Fremont. Our space is located seconds away from the main street, so you'll be close to bars, restaurants, breweries, shops and bus stops to downtown and other great neighborhoods. Our space is a 3 floor townhouse with a private patio. Your room will be on the first floor with a back sliding door to the patio, and features a full size bed suitable for two. Your room has plenty of space, with a big closet for you to utilize. The room also has a television mounted on the wall with chromecast, so you can login to your Netflix accounts or stream your computer or phone on the TV. Of course you are welcome to use our living room with full cable, as well as our kitchen and refrigerator if you wanted to save some money and cook. You will have access to the 3/4 bathroom on the main floor which is only used by our guests. Guest can use our washer and dryer. Myself, along with my girlfriend Darcy and roommate Sam live here full time and arPrivate room in 3 bedroom duplex unit.  100+ year old house in the Fremont neighborhood.  Walking distance to several bus lines, shops, restaurants and parks.  5 minute car ride to downtown, 30 minutes from Seatac airport.  Super cute private bedroom in 3 bedroom apartment, shared with myself and one housemate (constantly traveling/rarely home).  House is super central to most attractions in Seattle - 20 min cab or a quick light rail & bus trip from SeaTac, 5 minute car ride to downtown.  We're situated right between the Fremont Troll and the Lenin statue in the "Center of the Universe"   Gasworks Park, Burke-Gilman Trail and Lake Union are all a 5 minute walk away.  Several bus lines run night and day that can take you in all directions.   Great coffee shops, record store, co-op grocery and bars and restaurants right outside our door. Our house has laundry, wifi and loads of personality!  Brand new carpet, lots of light, and remarkably quiet for the location! Guests will have access tOur apartment is nestled right in-between the Seattle neighborhoods of Fremont, Wallingford, and Green Lake.  Local cafes, friendly bars, and fantastic eateries are all within walking distance no matter what direction you go. The place is cozy and equipped with everything you may need for your stay in Seattle.  Whether it's relaxing with Netflix, getting your fill of some of Seattle's best restaurants, or visiting some of the nearby attractions: Gas Works, Green Lake, Fremont Troll, to name a few.  We will help you get set up for a great stay in the Emerald City! Included in the space is a washer dryer, wood burning fireplace, full kitchen, flatscreen TV with access to cable, Netflix, and Hulu, as well as a queen size air mattress in the case it is needed.  In addition to the previously listed amenities, the apartment building has a rooftop deck with breathtaking views of the city.   Street parking is free in the neighborhood and pretty easy to find. Because we invite you to stay in ouModern, cozy apartment with new stainless steel appliances and wood flooring. 1 block from downtown Fremont and the infamous Lennon statue. Comfortable pillow top Queen bed and all amenities you need.  Heat in living and bedroom and large fan as well I have a technics record player and plenty of vinyl for your listening pleasure.  Big screen hd TV with cable and HBO in front room and smaller TV in bedroom with Netflix capabilities. Copious amounts of sunlight during the day and blackout curtains in the bedroom.  Ironing board and iron in closet and keurig coffee maker at your disposal. Enjoy There are key pads to enter the building and my apartment,  you will receive the codes day of arrival. Everything is for your use. I would prefer you to use the front room closet and not the bedroom closet. As much or as little conversation as you would like to have, I'm game.  If you'd like recommendations for eateries or bars, just holler. Eclectic and vibrant. Great, unique part of Seattle. GreaWelcome! We are located in Fremont 10 min walking distance to restaurants, bars and well connected to Ballard, the U-District and Downtown. You have your bedroom with a private bathroom, coffee in the morning with an amazing Olympic view! You have a comfortable sized room with a full size pull out sofa (fits 2 very well), large closet and sitting area. There is a private bathroom and full use of our kitchen and living area with fireplace. Enjoy the view from our deck, play ping pong or sit around the outdoor fire pit and grill marshmallows. If needed you can use washer and dryer or play a tune on our piano. We are living in the house so the common space (kitchen, living area) will be shared.  There will be as much or less interaction as you want. We definitely can provide you with some information about Seattle and whats going on in town. We are well centered in Fremont on the edge to Ballard. You can easily walk to Fremont center with it's fantastic restaurants, dive bars and artsy baWhen neighbors drop by, they usually comment on the serenity of the location. Tucked behind a house, and off of the street, the sounds most frequently heard are of the birds and squirrels in the trees. I'm good friends with most of them, so please don't be alarmed if a tree-dwelling darling comes down to get to know you. The space is modestly sized and perfect for one or two people. It offers all the amenities one might expect from home in an uncluttered, lighthearted setting.  -Wireless Internet -Parking Spot -Washer and Drier -Electric Stove/Oven -Dishwasher (although I use it as a dish drying rack since I cook so little and use so few dishes) -Full Refrigerator/Freezer -Forced air Gas Heater -Shower/Bathtub -Hairdryer  -Balcony -Backyard Space from 8am-5pm -Gym Access (gym is about 4 blocks away) My sister/neighbor manages my listing for the most part. She is available for questions.  I'm happy to leave you my home while I travel the world. ...Maybe I'll be staying at your house in This comfy one bedroom, one bathroom apartment is located in Fremont, minutes away from the famous Fremont Troll and Fremont Brewery. Nicknamed the "Center of the Universe," Fremont is a unique, artsy part of Seattle. The Space This one bedroom, one bathroom apartment is located in Fremont, minutes away from the famous Fremont Troll and Fremont Brewery.  The Neighborhood Nicknamed the "Center of the Universe," Fremont is a unique, artsy part of Seattle. Fremont is home to the headquarters of Geocaching, so it's no surprise that there's tons to explore! Make sure to check out the oldest outdoor street market on Sundays, or head to a one of the monthly gallery strolls or community events. Plenty of shops, restaurants, bars, and coffee places are also within walking distance of the townhouse.  Getting Around This apartment is near Ballard and the University of Washington. Downtown Seattle is a little over 4 miles away and is easily accessible via car or public bus. Bus stops are plentifulA cozy street level house with off-street parking only minutes from downtown Seattle. Walk to Fremont, Ballard, Wallingford, or the University District. Everything you need is here. My wife and I have lived in this space for 15 years. We started having kids and needed more space. We love this little house very much. Guest have access to the whole house, backyard, and driveway. The garage is off limits. I will be able to offer recommendations and will be taking recommendations as well. The neighborhood is technically Fremont but it is closer to Wallingford. Everything you need is within walking distance. You can walk to downtown in 70 minutes, University District in 30 minutes, Ballard in 30 minutes, Greenlake in 15 minutes, Fremont in 15 minutes. There are many bus options a few blocks from Villa Villa Olaf.Two-bedroom home in a quiet, hilly area of Fremont: walking distance to restaurants, Theo's Chocolate, parks, breweries, markets and cafes.  A great to place to base yourself to explore the neighborhood, the city, and Western Washington. Please NOTE:  WE ARE CONSTRUCTING A BACKYARD COTTAGE, WHICH MEANS WORK WILL TAKE PLACE DURING THE DAY. Having said that, you are welcome to stay at our house!  Our solar-powered home is wonderfully located and delightfully comfortable for four people.  It's a two-bedroom, sunny, single family house in a quiet, friendly neighborhood with four friendly ducks in the garden who also lay tasty eggs! We have a Little Free Library out in front of the house, so feel free to drop off and take books for vacation reading! Both bedrooms have queen size beds and a bathroom for each (showers, sinks and toilets, and one tub). One bedroom is on the main floor, the other in the unfinished basement.  Wireless internet and off-street parking are also available.  The TV iWelcome to "The Center of the Universe"! Explore everything by foot from this popular & historic Seattle neighborhood. 1 bed, 1 bath apartment has queen bed w/ brand new mattress, & queen sized hide a bed sofa. Walk score of 92 in this Fremont 4plex. You will love this cute and cozy 4plex in the heart of Fremont originally built in 1911!  This building was relocated during the Denny Regrade in the early 1900's!  It has fir flooring, original trim details and tons of charm.  This apartment is on the lower level of the building and very private. 4 digit keypad entry.  The code will be changed the day of your arrival and will be provided prior to your check-in. Professionally managed by a local Real Estate Agent that is accessible at any time via text message. Guest Handbook provided in unit with tourist attractions and owner favorite bars, restaurants, activities.  4 digit keypad so no need for key transfer! Since the early 1970s some Fremont residents have been referring to their neighbA brand new townhouse in the heart of Fremont, within walking distance of all the best that the "Center of the Universe" has to offer and steps from the famous Fremont Troll! Stroll into our gorgeous new townhouse, located in the heart of downtown Fremont! In addition to being steps away from the infamous Fremont Troll under the bridge, this incredible home is right in one of our favorite Seattle neighborhoods! With a walk score of 83, this rental is walking distance to popular restaurants, shopping, and even a local grocer. Downtown Seattle is only a shore 5 minute drive and 15 minutes by reliable public transit. Spend your day hitting the tourist sites, then come home and relax before stepping out to some of Seattle's best up-and-coming restaurants just blocks away! Designed for modern living, this townhome is comfortable for family and friends. The main floor offers an open kitchen and dining combination with modern finishes and new furnishings. Relax in the light-filled living roomThis 2 bedroom/1.5 bathroom townhouse apartment is bright and airy! It's located in the fun and quirky Fremont neighborhood of Seattle. The Space This 2 bedroom/1.5 bathroom townhouse apartment is bright and airy! It's located in the fun and quirky Fremont neighborhood of Seattle.  The Neighborhood Nicknamed the "Center of the Universe," Fremont is a unique, artsy part of Seattle. Fremont is home to the headquarters of Geocaching, so it's no surprise that there's tons to explore! Make sure to check out the oldest outdoor street market on Sundays, or head to a one of the monthly gallery strolls or community events. Plenty of shops, restaurants, bars, and coffee places are also within walking distance of the townhouse.  Getting Around Downtown Seattle is a little over 4 miles away and is easily accessible via car or public bus. Bus stops are nearby on 36th Street. If you have a car, street parking is easy.  Other Things to Note  Come stay in this gem, located in the fun and funky FremontOur hip home in Seattle's desirable Fremont neighborhood boasts a twin bed and desk, comfortably sleeping one happy guest. This fun-loving house is located on a quiet cul-de-sac, just minutes from the bus stops, zoo, and Seattle's "Silicon Canal." Our hard-working, fun-loving town home has hosted guests from Beijing, Perth, Edinburgh, Singapore, Brussels, Vancouver BC, and all over the U.S.  During this season in our young family life, our world travels (and, let's be honest, domestic travels) are mostly on hold, so we live vicariously through our guests' adventures. We intentionally bought our home for it's killer western facing view! Pop up to our deck, sip an adult beverage and take in the urban landscape and sunset behind the Olympic Mountains. The guest room is just off our front entry on a different level than the other bedrooms, so you may "come and go" with ease and little interruption. If you have a bike, you're welcome to keep it in our garage.  Our three children are fun andModern, cozy apartment, centrally located in the heart of Fremont with easy access to everything Seattle has to offer. When I'm not traveling, I call this place home so it comes with all the amenities you will need including a Queen Tempurpedic bed. This 1 bedroom/1 bathroom condo is the perfect place to spend your down time while in the great city of Seattle! Located in the fun and quirky Fremont neighborhood it is centrally located to downtown, Queen Anne, Ballard, Wallingford and the U-District. Located on the ground floor of a 4 story condo building this unit boasts two patios. As the sun rises you can enjoy your coffee and a book in the hammock on the patio off the bedroom and as the sun sets you can light up the bbq and prepare your dinner while relaxing at the bistro table on the patio off of the kitchen. Wifi, basic cable and an Apple TV are yours to enjoy if the rain keeps you inside as well as a fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances and most staples you wouldOf the Tree & Clouds' top floor apartment with view & 9' ceilings is 8 blocks from Fremont's center and a hop to downtown Seattle. It's 620 square feet & sleeps 4. The décor has been lovingly agonized over. 1 of 3 Airbnb apartments in the building. The 1-bedroom, view & top floor Crown apartment (approx. 620 sq. ft.) has  9' ceilings, a working fireplace, 2 decks, and an open kitchen with a counter spot for one. Details include exposed beams, Spanish cast brass chandelier, original oak flooring and tile, and a keypad for hassle-free arrival and departure. It sleeps 4 with 2 in the bedroom on a queen size bed, and 2 on the almost-queen size sofabed in the living room (5" narrower than a queen, same length).   There's a full kitchen with a Keurig K-Cup coffee maker. The living room has a desk with a few supplies for business needs. The hall has a washer/dryer, coat closet & linen closet. The bath has a tub & shower stall, a medicine cabinet, 2 storage stools holding supplies & a .08 sonebetween fremont and ballardSophistication and comfort in the hottest part of the Fremont neighborhood just 5 minutes from downtown Seattle with convenient bus access!  Just blocks to some of Seattle's most up coming and popular restaurants.  Fremont is the "Center of the Unive Welcome to Sea to Sky's sophisticated, brand new, green-built townhome. Located in one of the hottest areas in the Fremont neighborhood surrounded by popular restaurants, shopping, and a local grocer.  Everything you need is at your doorstep.    The main floor provides an open floor plan with plenty of room for everyone. Relax in the sunny living room with floor to ceiling windows. The kitchen features everything needed to create gourmet meals including gas stove and double oven! The dining area is conveniently located in the great room, making it easy to serve your family and friends. A lovely little patio off the kitchen is the perfect place for your morning coffee.  This home sleeps six in complete comfort all in real beds in three bedrThis newly designed contemporary apartment sits in the Fremont/Wallingford area which is one of Seattle's most popular neighborhoods. Amazing bistros and funky shops are only footsteps away from your temporary home. Luxurious and all new apartment in one of Seattle's most popular neighborhoods. This apartment was just completely  renovated by interior designer, Ellen Henry of Ellen Henry Designs. New kitchen, baths, furnishings—everything is beautifully designed to a high standard. Beds and linens are as good (or better) than those found in five star hotels. The furnishings are modern, luxurious and comfortable.  THE APARTMENT: Everything is brand new and done to a high standard. The décor is modern and comfortable in a spacious (over 650sf), light filled space. The unit includes the following:  • Fully stocked all new and modern kitchen with dishwasher, microwave, stove and refrigerator • Spacious bedroom with king sized bed and 100% Egyptian cotton linens.  • Tastefully furnished larComfortable Studio Apartement with private patio one block away from beautiful walks or bike rides along the canal to central Fremont and beyond. Plenty of restaurants, coffeeshops etc. in walking distance. Very easy to get around town from here.. Enjoy peekaboo-views of ships passing by. On sunny days you can see the Olympic Mountains. The Studio is comfortable for 2 people (up to 3 possible by prior arrangement). - full kitchen with gas range, convection oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, dishes etc. . - charcoal grill - bamboo flooring with hydronic floor heat - full bath with big tub - queen size bed, seven foot couch - on street parking - good southwest/ afternoon light - furnished with unique pieces, vintage and        handcrafted items. We enjoyed creating a space that we would love to stay in. Please notice that we ( me, my husband and our 8 year old son) live upstairs and kids like to move around. There is sound insulation between the floors and there is another floor above us wiBeautiful 3-story 1907 craftsman farmhouse in Fremont, Seattle. You'll be perched high above the street, with views of the Shipyard Canal, the Ballard Bridge, and The Olympics. Walk or bike to Ballard's craft breweries, Fremont's restaurants, shops, and nightlife, or the playground 2 blocks away.  Watch the sunset from the hot tub. Grill on the deck. Relax in the backyard garden. The entire top floor will be yours. This is an excellent space for families or larger groups who would rather stay together in a home than be split into multiple hotel rooms. The top floor consists of two bedrooms with queen beds,  a smaller bedroom with a crib or toddler bed, a patio with a view, and a full bathroom. The crib can be moved to a queen bedroom for closer sleeping proximity with your little one, and a two-person air mattress can be placed in the smaller room for guests who don't fit in cribs ;). The main floor is open concept with a full kitchen, a dining room with a six person table (and a high Serene yet vibrant neighborhood, this 1916 bungalow reflects simplicity:  wood floors, updated furnishings, W/D, backyard and (URL HIDDEN) engage with friendly walkers-by.  Explore all of Seattle from here.  Walk or bus. Lake Union, Greenlake, UW, more The entire space is yours.  Although I come and go, for the most part when I am home I'm usually working in my small, private office. Your independence is respected.  I have terrific recommendations for exploring the character of neighborhoods and activities.  Since I travel quite a bit for my job, most truly enjoy experiencing this as though it is their own home. Within 60 seconds to ten minutes:   Woodland Park Zoo, UW, Ballard Locks, marinas, Gas Works Park, Archie McPhee, 50 coffee shops, Fremont Troll, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Jai Thai, Bizarro's, 45th Street Guild, golf, tennis, bike rentals, bus lines, Center for Wooden Boats, Golden Gates Park music and bonfires, Shilshole Marina, kayaking, sailing, waterfront restaurants, GrEnjoy a bright, cozy, one bedroom apartment just three blocks from downtown Fremont. Relax on the westward facing balcony looking down Fremont hill onto north Queen Anne. Take advantage of a second room with a workspace and foosball table. Bright one bedroom apartment located in a friendly, six-unit building. Set in a quiet neighborhood across from an elementary school and park, you're only a few blocks away from downtown Fremont. You will have full access to the apartment, with laundry, parking space, foosball table, workspace, netflix, and wireless internet. Within three blocks of three different bus stops.Luxurious and all new apartment in one of Seattle's most popular neighborhoods. This apartment was just completely renovated by an interior designer. New kitchen, baths, furnishings—everything is beautifully designed to a high standard. Luxurious and all new apartment in one of Seattle's most popular neighborhoods. This apartment was just completely  renovated by an interior designer. New kitchen, baths, furnishings—everything is beautifully designed to a high standard. Beds and linens are as good (or better) than those found in five star hotels. The furnishings are modern, luxurious and comfortable.  THE APARTMENT: Everything is brand new and done to a high standard. The décor is modern and comfortable in a spacious (over 650sf), light filled space. The unit includes the following:  • Fully stocked all new and modern kitchen with dishwasher, microwave, stove and refrigerator • Spacious bedroom with king sized bed and 100% Egyptian cotton linens.  • Tastefully furnished large living anThis sweet home is walking distance to whatever you might need. Grocery, coffee shops, diners, movies, parks, post office, library, bus lines direct to downtown or University of Washington. Set up for whatever you might need during your stay.   Relax in this 1920's charming craftsman style duplex with hardwood floors, fireplace, cozy front porch or on the back deck. The kitchen features a new gas range/microwave and a sweet sun drenched built in nook. There are 2 bedrooms separated by a full bath. Both rooms have queen beds,  sleeps 4 easily.  Walk to cafes, grocery, movies, and enjoy the lively Green Lake near the Zoo. Pizzeria is 1/2 block away! There is a washer dryer in the basement shared with the full time downstairs tenant. I am happy to meet with guests upon their arrival. The home is accessible and self explanatory also in the event of a late night arrival. I am always available by telephone or text.  My favorite feature of Wallingford neighborhood is it is completely possibleOur lovely condo is located in the heart of  Seattle's Fremont neighborhood - literally steps away from some of the city's best shops and restaurants. Come, relax in the morning with a cup of Seattle coffee while gazing at the Mt. from the balcony! Our 2 bedroom condo located in the heart of Seattle's Fremont neighborhood has all the comforts of home. It's great for a long or short term visit, as we've added all the details to make your stay enjoyable.  Whether you're popping into Seattle for a brief stay or looking for a longer term option as you transition to living here - we're happy to accommodate. The place is yours! We have wifi, cable tv (including ESPN, ESPN2, Golf Channel, HBO), fully stocked kitchen and all the basics in the fridge that you might need for cooking and relaxing in your temporary home. When you arrive the key is easily accessible from our coded lock box. That said, we live a mile away and are happy to chat or help with anything you might need for your stay. We lLight filled main floor w/ great room living. Chef's delight kitchen features stainless. 60" tv. 5 piece Master w/ walk-in closet.  2 car garage.  patio off the kitchen.  walk to  Fremont / Wallingford.  Ideal for relocations and stays +1 month. Our newest home, we have over 100 reviews at our other listings. Perfect for corporate relocations, transitions between homes - 29 night minimum.   We have other homes in the area better suited for shorter visits.  Do not send booking requests without contacting us first.  easy walking distance to Fremont. Light filled main floor w/ great room living, Chef's delight kitchen features stainless appliances, generous island & Caesar Stone slab countertops.  These photos are from the staged furniture, we've upgraded the interior and fully furnished the bedrooms.  Waiting for our professional photos to be taken. Formal dining area seats 6.  Kitchen fully stocked with pots, pans, dishes, glasses, appliances.   you just bring the food. TVs (not shown iAmazing location in Fremont! Rest or play in this quaint neighborhood where  Lake Union, the Burke Gillman Trail, Woodlawn Park Zoo, Fremont Sunday Market, express bus to downtown Seattle, cafes, restaurants, boutiques are within a 15 minute walk. 1940's west facing view home of the Olympics, large leaf maple to provide shade in the Summer.  Single floor, two bedrooms, one bath with full bath tub. Off street parking in driveway for one regular auto or two mini auto's.  House is located on a hill with a few steps up front door.  Professionally cleaned before your arrival with fresh linens provided. Guests have access to the whole house, back patio, yard and driveway. Two mountain bicycles available for you to use! Key will be in a lock box on front porch.  So no need to interact with the host if you would like privacy.  We live a couple of blocks away so can generally respond to questions or concerns as they arise.  While we always enjoy meeting our guests, we also respect your privacy.Spacious, simple, comfortable 3-bedroom / 1 bath Home.  Safe on the Sound, Locked in and Clean, Family-designed meeting, resting and entertaining space smack-dab in Seattle's happening north-end neighborhood of Fremont. Holding down a water-front location along-side the Burke Gilman-Trail, this house is like an old Seattle Captain's Compound.  Add real Value and Flair to your Seattle visit by indulging in the rhythm and joys of the Fremont arts district. Open living room - wood-floors through-out -  fully functioning kitchen - 3 Private bedrooms - with 2 comfortable beds each and rustic furnishings -   It's a comfortable stay for 4-7 people for multiple days in a row, singles, parties, or families. It's spacious, quiet, safe, and private. Both front and back yards are fenced and private.  During the morning and day, the commercial neighborhood keeps busy with business (evo, theo chocolate, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), and more), and is either very quiet, or party-time-vibrant, at nightPrivate room in townhouse with 2 huge south facing decks, lots of light, in best upper Fremont neighborhood (cafes, restaurants), walk, bike. Lower level with open floor layout (kitchen, dinning, living, working area) upper level with 2 bedrooms.Fully furnished, one bedroom, one bath, daylight basement apartment. Located in an owner occupied 1916 Seattle bungalow, this apartment is both contemporary and warm. It features a private entry, a full eat-in kitchen, W/D and sleeper sofa. _________________________________________________ Contemporary 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath Basement Apt. In 1916 Seattle Bungalow This fully furnished, one bedroom, daylight basement apartment (78" ceilings) was completely renovated during the summer and fall of 2013. Located in an owner occupied 1916 Seattle bungalow, this basement apartment shows few signs of basement or of 1916. The styling is very contemporary and the warm space has been fully converted with the best waterproofing, insulation, heating and furnishings.  The property features a private entry, a full eat-in kitchen with new appliances including a range, refrigerator and dishwasher. It has one bedroom with a queen bed, and comfortable open living space with a full sofa sleeper. There is a fulStunning 3 bedroom 2.5 bath Seattle home with views of the Olympic Mountains. This home is located on Phinney Ridge in Ballard with superb restaurants, near the Zoo, and 7 min to Downtown, and Pike's Mkt. Views of the Canal and Fisherman's terminal.  This is a very bright and light filled space with french doors out to the front deck and french doors out to the back yard allowing the Summer Breezes to move through the house. Stunning views of the Olympic Mountains while you relax in the living room or master suite. Easy access to Downtown Seattle or stay in and cozy up to the fireplace and enjoy seeing the storms roll in.  I'm available by email, text or phone for any questions you might have.  Ballard, Phinney Ridge, and Fremont are amazing little "towns" within the city, offering excellent dining, parks, and recreation all within 7 minutes of Downtown Seattle.  Two parking spaces, or public transit is not far... walk through the back gate and 1/4 of a block up the hill and the bus stTownhouse with 2 huge south facing decks, lots of light, in best upper Fremont neighborhood (cafes, restaurants), walk, bike. Lower level with open floor layout (kitchen, dinning, living, working area), upper level with master bedroom & kid bedroom. I rent my townhouse to guests who appreciate staying in a walkable neighborhood close to the centers but not in it. The entire space is available. Please let me know if you would like to use a bike. Upper Fremont is a walkable neighborhood of single houses, townhouses and small condominium buildings. Some of the best restaurants (Roux, Rock Creek, Vif) in town are walking minutes away, as is Book Larder for author readings and Fremont Abbey for concerts (e.g. the Moth radio show). Walk downhill to bars and live music venues near the Ship Canal or uphill to Woodland Park Zoo and Green Lake. Conveniently located and well connected to South Lake Union District (Amazon) and downtown via bus #5 (15minutes to downtown). Or bike to South Lake Unio2 blocks from the Troll, 1 block from Fremont Brewery, and easy walking distance to downtown Fremont and Gasworks Park. 1850 sqft. 3 Bedrooms, two with full beds, the third with a queen bed. House is built over 4 floors, so there're lots of stairs! Downstairs bedroom has it's own bathroom. Two upstairs bedrooms share a bathroom. On kitchen/living room, there is another mini-bathroom. I am currently living in this house, so this listing likely doesn't have the "polish" you might expect from a professional AirBnB'er. But it is my house and it's awesome :). I'll be staying elsewhere while you're here, so I'll be leaving you to enjoy the place. It'll be clean and tidy, with towels and toiletries provided, and all my possessions are still in the place. Two bedrooms will have cleared closets and dressers available for your use. The third, I'm currently living in (although I won't be there), so there'll be less space available for your things in that bedroom. Whole house. I've lived in SeattlOn a beautiful, quiet street a short walk from the heart of Fremont, there is a peaceful place to rest your head. You will enjoy the cozy, all-natural (chemical-free) bed, and all you need to live naturally and comfortably in simple style. My residence is the largest unit in a triplex house.  It is very peaceful and totally private.  Some of the best perks are the location, peace & quiet, the cozy all-natural bed, and green (chemical-free) nature of my home.    My home is the perfect size for a couple or solo traveler. It is very simple and is an older home, there is nothing fancy about it, though it is charming in its relaxing simplicity.  My home is generally very quiet and peaceful. Occasionally, I can hear footsteps, and more rarely music coming from my neighbor upstairs.  I try to offer a cohesive and accurate portrayal of my place through the photos and captions, so please take a good moment to look through them thoroughly and feel if my unusual home is a good fit for you. GeneraNewly renovated 2bdrm apartment with a wonderful view!  Everything is done to a very high standard.  The apartment is only short walk to trendy Fremont shops, cafes and restaurants.   Close to Woodland Park Zoo and the Burke Gilman running trail. Luxurious and all new apartment in one of Seattle's most popular neighborhoods. This apartment was recently completely renovated by interior designer.  New kitchen, baths, furnishings—everything is beautifully designed to a high standard. Beds and linens are as good (or better) than those found in five star hotels.  The apartment sleeps six comfortably with a king bed in the master bedroom, two twins in the 2nd bedroom that can be converted to a king and a queen sized sofa sleeper with an upgraded very comfortable mattress.The furnishings are modern, luxurious and comfortable.   There is high speed wifi and flat screen cable TV as well as a fully equipped kitchen. We have three apartments in this building. There are coin operated laundry machi850 SqFt one bedroom loft in a 120+year old farmhouse in the heart of all that the Fremont district has to offer. Stunning mountain, lake, downtown, & bridge views from the large deck. Sleeps seven. Non-smoking, pet free, fragrance free environment.  If Robin Hood was a bohemian this is what his crib would look like. Children under 10 stay for $5.00 per night. 850 SqFt one bedroom loft in a 120+year old farmhouse. Claw foot bathtub, fully furnished kitchen, stunning mountain, lake, downtown, & bridge views from the large deck. Sleeps seven. Non-smoking, pet free, fragrance free environment.   Great 4th of July fireworks display. 1-block from the Fremont Solstice Parade. There is a luxurious firm Latex mattress on the queen bed in the bedroom. There is a fold out queen futon in the living room. There are also three 3.5" thick, firm foam pads covered in fabric stacked under the south window that make a great perch. They also make three comfortable adult size places for guests to sleep onStay in a clean, comfortable, and quiet private room in a beautiful rowhouse. We're located in Fremont, one of Seattle's most vibrant neighborhoods. Downtown sightseeing attractions are 3-5 miles away (10-20 minutes by bus). View the Space Needle, Mt. Rainier, and city skylines from the roof! Welcome! We'll do everything we can to make your stay wonderful. Before booking, please message with us and we'll confirm availability. We love living in Fremont – a quiet, yet vibrant, neighborhood located a few miles north of downtown Seattle. Our home is a perfect base to explore the city's sights and/or the forests, lakes, and mountains of Washington state. Our private guest accommodations are on the second floor. The primary guest bedroom, which sleeps 1-2 people, has a cozy queen-size real bed with a new mattress, allergy-proof down comforter, fresh linens, a nightstand, and an empty closet with lots of hangers. Have a 3rd person or prefer two rooms/beds? The spare guest room down the hall hIn the epicenter of 4 of Seattle's hippest neighborhoods: Fremont, Ballard, Phinney and Greenwood! Uber cool Seattle artist Ryan Henry Ward's original murals welcome you.  Settle into this cozy space or head out to one of the city's coolest spots. Murals on the walls inside and out by a well known Seattle artist, Ryan Henry Ward make the space feel funky and fun.  The Henry is a daylight basement apartment with separate exterior access. Within a mile of a myriad of hip restaurants, coffee shops, boutiques and bars. Check my "guidebook" link for some of my favorites. Wireless Internet, Cable television, wood burning fireplace, piano, guitar, books and board games. I am happy to help and very responsive to guest questions.  But  will give you complete privacy otherwise. I love my neighborhood and city and am more than happy to answer questions or make reccomendations. There is almost always plenty of street parking in front of the house but if not please feel free to park in the drivewayI currently share a 2 bedroom apartment with a roommate but I will be out of town, so I'm offering my room to whoever is interested. Since the apartment is located in Fremont, facing south, you get a beautiful view of Mt. Rainier and the city of Seattle.  The apartment is single level within a two story building. Guests will have access to every in the apartment (including the laundry facility which is a separate building and key) with the exception of my roommates bedroom Since I won't be here, my roommate Rory (who is super nice) will be here if you have any questions. Fremont is a very eclectic neighborhood with great eateries, shops and other tourist attractions like the Fremont Troll, Summer Solstice Parade countless micro-brews within area. There is a bus stop 300 ft from the apartment that will take you to downtown Seattle in about 10-15 minutes.  There are also Car2Go on almost every street corner.Brand new unit in renovated vintage Fremont triplex. Polished concrete floors, modern kitchen with quartz countertops. Brand new appliances including washer and dryer. Modern fireplace and décor. One king bed and the other bedroom has a queen.Cool and comfortable! Walk to great shops, restaurants, bars, farmers markets & more. Close to Downtown, SLU, Cap Hill. The space is large and open with high ceilings, exposed brick, air plants, good coffee, and a sunny patio. Perfect for a getaway! Think Brooklyn meets Seattle. Former artists studio in building that was once home to a coffee roaster. It is literally a 700 sq ft box, with high ceilings and concrete floors. Someone who appreciates unique spaces will LOVE my studio, someone who is less easy going or looking for a hotel type of experience may not.  Luxury linens, pillow top mattress, high end furniture. Large one room space includes bed, living room, dining room and eat in kitchen. Sunny back patio is perfect for lounging. If my place is booked and I'm unable to accommodate you, please check out my two other listings!! The entire place is all yours. Private entrance on street level. Free off street parking. Washer Dryer available upon request. There is a fantastic gym walComfortable, rustic yet modern condo situated in the heart of charming Fremont.  Centrally located with easy access to greater Seattle.  One bedroom with a queen bed. When  I am not traveling for work, I live in this space as well so it has all the comforts of home. Has its own parking space and  lovely view patio. I am always available by text if you have any questions throughout your stay.  The center of the universe is full of fun culture. Gas Works Park, Burke Gillman trail, Fremont Troll, Lennon Statue and The Rocket to name a few. Haven't been to a resturaunt I haven't enjoyed... Just go for a wonder, you can't go wrong. I use uber and Lyft and love them both but the public transportation is super convenient in Fremont.Welcome! If you crave a local experience with a chill, social vibe-& don't mind cats-my 800sqft shared apartment has a comfy couch for 1 downstairs, full kitchen, full bath & off-street parking. I'm 15 mins to downtown, too! Come chat with a local! Are you ready for the Seattle experience? If you're 420 friendly, don't mind cats, and want to crash in an artist's apartment on the comfiest couch ever–then welcome to my home! I've lived in this apartment 4 years with my roomie, and we love the light, open feeling of the space. The place is decorated in a collage of antiquities and random art. There's a large television–which only plays dvds and Nintendo games (original, super and wii). And there's a fabulous view of Mount Rainier, South Lake Union, the Space Needle and the Cascade Mountains.   The comfy couch comes with sheets, blankets and pillows. It's in the main living room area which gets used in the daytime, so it isn't private. But there's plenty of room, and I'd do my best to makebrand new modern construction in Fremont, stainless kitchen.   Vibrant walkable neighborhood - 90+ walkscore.   For business travelers, very close to  Tableau, Brooks, (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Adobe and easy access to downtown.   close to major bus lines.   Brand new modern home in Fremont.  Central to all that fremont has to offer - walk to delicious restaurants, potent coffee, and colorful brewhouses, cider houses, and bar bars.  Stainless appliances, roof deck, generous windows and lights.   Kitchen: All new stainless appliances.  Brand new furniture and linens.  A perfect place for your time in Seattle.  Especially if you happen to be in town for work at (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN), Brooks, Tableau, or Adobe, or Amazon. Bedrooms - all bedrooms have queen size beds and fresh linens.  An assortment of pillows are available, just like goldilox. There is a queen airbed that fits in the living room, or snuggly in the master, to accommodate 2 extra guestsThis home offers plenty of privacy and free parking spots right in front yet still in the heart of Fremont and Ballard (some call Frelard) two blocks from park and neighborhood corner market. (2) king beds (1) queen bed (2) new Queen inflatable beds This elegant & sophisticated yet simple craftsman style home features all wood flooring spacious and comfy that has a bit of history as Hendrix had a party with some of their friends in the late 60's. Today this is a much more quite friendly neighborhood where you will see people riding their bikes, playing at the park and walking down the hill to the boasting brewery district of Fremont. The space is equipped with blinds on all windows, clean walls, clean bathroom, new towels and sheets and a fully enclosed high fenced dog friendly feng shui yard, deck and driveway. Travelers will be able to stay on the main floor and upstairs in the lighted remodeled attic. Feel free to enjoy coffee out on the deck before you kick off the day. One of the Looking for a stylish, clean, unique space in Fremont or Ballard? Check out this mid century modern one bedroom. It comfortably fits two. Neighborhood is quiet but close to the action. Full kitchen, deck overlooking the park, easy access to bus lines Hello! My lovely one bedroom apartment in Fremont Ballard neighborhood is charming, comfortable and has great amenities including a full kitchen with a dishwasher and wifi internet and plentiful street parking or a covered carport spot out back. You'll have full access to the apartment. I'll be tied up elsewhere during your visit but available if anything comes up. Frellard is a hip, up and coming neighborhood on the edges of Ballard and Fremont. Frellard is centrally located; helpful bus lines 28, 44, 5, and 40 are nearby!It's a Teeny Tiny Guesthouse!  Enter the words "tiny guesthouse tour" in your search engine or follow the instructions in the 2nd photo to see the video.  Trust me, it's totally worth it!  Also, click on the photo for more photos.  :) NOTE: I will be away on vacation from 12/8-1/13.  During that time I will have a friend managing the place but may be a bit slow answering your booking request.  I will still have internet but may actually be out doing, you know, vacation stuff.  If you book a request please give me some time.  I will get back to you and, if the place is shown as available on the calendar, you're in.  Don't worry!  :)  And yes, the Tiny Guesthouse has heat.  Very cozy this time of year. I built a teeny tiny guesthouse in my backyard, between the Garage Majal and the old millworkers house in the middle of Seattle's exciting Fremont neighborhood!  It's 68 sq' and can sleep 3 (if two of the three are a couple) using the sleeping loft that lets out onto the rooftop view lawn Our cute little living room is located in the heart of (the infamously quirky) Fremont, Seattle!  Spacious living room with futon, skylight and porch (with table and chairs).  Big bathroom and kitchen access. Spacious living room.  We've got a beautiful skylight in the living room and a big patio (with chairs + table) for morning coffee!  Living room also is used as a recording studio, feel free to pop up netflix on the Imac and enjoy the great sound :) Feel free (obviously) to use the bathroom and shower.  We always have fresh towels and soaps.  Microwave and coffee maker can be used if needed!  If you need to cook something, let us know-we'd be more than happy to let you use the oven. We will be sleeping in our bedroom, but we would like to give you as much privacy as you need.  However, we would love to give you recommendations on things to do in the area or socialize! The neighborhood is amazing.  It's super quirky. There's a giant cement troll across the street, and a giant statueSpacious, modern one-bedroom guest apartment in Seattle's Fremont neighborhood. Private entry, full kitchen, and fireplace. Desirable residential location near cafes, restaurants, shopping, nightlife and public transportation. The apartment is located in the lower level (daylight basement) of a restored craftsman home. The space features an open floor plan, with a privacy curtain between the main living area and separate, full-sized bedroom. It is clean, modern, and functional, with plenty of storage and everything you need for an extended stay. AMENITIES  Secure private entry  Wi-Fi  Full kitchen (refrigerator, stove/oven, dishwasher, microwave, toaster, drip coffeemaker, french press pot)  Queen bed  3/4 bath (shower, no tub), hairdryer provided  Extra towels and linens  Flat-screen TV (no cable channels)   DVD player with small movie collection  Stereo system with iPhone/iPod dock  Fireplace (gel fuel)  Shared washer & dryer, iron & ironing board  Free on-street parking (usually avaTreat yourself to a PRIVATE ENTRY, sunny boutique room, patio & garden retreat. You can't get more centrally located (one block) with a sense of ease and serenity.  Come visit our famously known fun and funky area! Private gate opens to a large sunny southward  facing patio that receives full exposure till sunset! Brand new full size mattress, private full bath, Wifi, TV, microwave, fridge/freezer, Brita and Keurig.   With accommodations for four people, this space makes the perfect getaway for anyone wanting a less-than-tourist Seattle experience! The private entry makes for a secluded feel yet seconds away from award winning restaurants, funky boutiques, farmers markets, organic grocery stores, trolls and more! Our living space is on the upper level of the townhouse. There is a dedicated door that separates bnb from the rest of the house..  The full house is also available for rental occasionally. See my other listing for availability. All guests have complete private access and keylNewly renovated unit in vintage triplex. This is a large 2 bedroom apartment with private fenced back yard. Great for dog owners. Viking range, all new appliances.Your own cozy, warm, private room in a shared house. Comfortable queen bed and closet. Shared living room, deck with table and chairs, kitchen and shared bathroom. 5 minutes to downtown Seattle and more.  Potentially shared with other guests. Welcome to my comfortable and quiet home in Wallingford. This 1923 Craftsman is a great place to park while working or taking in the Seattle sights.  I love animals, but will want to discuss who (dog or other pet) you are bringing in advance.  The house has a large, secure, fenced yard. Guests will have a private bedroom with a Queen-size bed and a closet, the living room, and their own entrance. Shared use of kitchen, deck, and bathroom. There is WIFI, but no cable. We are in and out quite a bit, but are quiet and friendly. The neighborhood is residential and quiet, but close to the business district with LOTS of restaurants and pubs. You could even walk to Fremont, Greenlake, or the Woodland Park Zoo! Wallingford's main street (along 45th and alHello and WELCOME! My home is nestled is located in the Fremont neighbordhood, however I am just a short walk away from downtown Wallingford. We are happy to have you! You will have access to the bathroom and kitchen on the lower level of the home. The laundry room on the middle level. And the entirety of the upper level: consisting of the patio, master bedroom, and master bathroom. Street parking is available. There are bus routes nearby, and Uber is always handy to get around.100% satisfaction from people we host online and offline! Right next to offices of Alphabet, Tableau, Adobe, Brooks, etc. I've just started offering this space, so you get an unheard-of price on a completely fantastic space. One bedroom apartment on the top floor of a brand new apartment building with use of full kitchen, washer dryer, wi-fi. The apartment is within 2-minute walking distance of 10 bus lines going to Seattle downtown, Belltown, south lake union, UW. Safe and artistic neighborhood! The apartment is super airy and equipped with big windows which has beautiful view. It is well decorated, spotless and welcoming. Clean linens and towels will be left in the room for your arrival. You also have access to the beautiful rooftop where BBQ, wifi, and seats are available for you to enjoy the fabulous view of Seattle. Guest Access Help yourself to coffee and tea. Street parking is free and easy to find. The Neighborhood My apartment is located in artsy fremont, one of the safest andRest & recreation for your life. Live it. Love it. Take a break. Cool, modern, recently renovated 1BR guest apartment in Upper Fremont. Private entry, full kitchen, comfy bed. Walk to great restaurants, cafes, shops, nightlife & public transportation The apartment is located in the lower level of our home. We enjoyed creating a space that we would love to stay in. It features an open floor plan, full kitchen and a separate bedroom. It is clean, modern, and comfortable, with plenty of storage and everything you need for an extended stay.  Private entry   Wi-Fi   Flat-screen TV (enjoy streaming movies, shows, news, etc. Netflix account is enabled in Roku streaming player and is complimentary for our guests)  Full kitchen (refrigerator, stove/oven, dishwasher, microwave, toaster, drip coffeemaker, french press)   Queen bed + full sofa bed in the living area  Full bath with big tub  Shared washer & dryer, iron & ironing board  Free on-street parking  Two blocks from direct buses to downtowWelcome to my  bright basement apartment in a cute 1920's craftsman house in the neighborhood of fremont.  The house is walking distance (10 min) to bars, local coffee shops and restaurants.  It has a full kitchen, comfy bed, and outdoor space. The space is perfect for 1 or 2 guests, approximately 700 sq ft.  While it is a basement apt, it feels cozy and has bright light.   I have rented it full time to tenants who stayed for over 2 years each. outdoor garden and grill, street parking, washer & dryer if needed. Tonio and I live in the upstairs portion of the house.  We will rarely interact with guests, unless needed. However, my 2 kitties and chicken might have more to say.  The floors are not sound proof and you will be able to hear walking and muffled talking between floors.  We try our best to be considerate especially after 10. The house is 10 min walking distance to 34th st, and Fremont ave. Both contain old and new bars, coffeeshops and restaurants in the cool and quirky neighborThere is incredible light in this relaxing oasis. It's true!  This large top-floor apartment, with separate access up a short flight of stairs, is awash in light.  It has great features including 2 loveable cats, (I'll take care of them, you just need to be cat people and be ok with them wanting a pet or two while you're here) a huge bathroom with a claw foot tub, vintage furniture, a full size kitchen and lots of character.  I'll provide you with delicious baked goods the morning of your arrival and also local coffee and tea for you to enjoy.   My quiet neighborhood location is close to bus routes, the Burke Gilman bike trail and is just a 20 minute walk to downtown Ballard. There you'll find fabulous bars and restaurants, a wonderful Sunday farmers market, our cinema, the library and much more. To the east is Fremont which boasts everything from a statue of Lenin to our very own troll.   From my house you'll be close to all the Ballard dining and new neighborhood restaurants and shopThe perfect place to rest and relax in your own private space while exploring all Seattle has to offer. A short walk from both the Center of the Universe (Fremont) & Wallingford. Spread out in over 700 comfortably furnished square feet. This large one bedroom apartment is convenient to Fremont, Wallingford, Highway 99, I-5, Lake Union & Gasworks Park, and Greenlake. There is a large bedroom with a queen size bed as well as a cozy sectional couch in the living room. Enjoy your coffee with a glimpse of downtown at the breakfast bar, there's even a dishwasher so you don't have to wash your dishes by hand. Access to Wi-Fi, Netflix, Amazon and HBO.  One off street (uncovered parking spot) 750 square foot apartment with queen size bed, sectional couch, linens, large bathroom, dishwasher.  A little This is my favorite location I have ever lived in. It's less than a 10 minute walk both to Fremont and Wallingford, two of Seattle's hottest neighborhoods. For a nice night out (2014 James Beard ChCentrally located in the heart of Fremont, our amazing home is in just the right place to enjoy the various coffee shops, restaurants and lakes, but far enough away from the city to be quiet and tranquil as well. WELCOME TO SEATTLE! Centrally located in Fremont - one of Seattle's most desired and unique neighborhoods. Relax and enjoy the light-filled, contemporary space - just a few minutes from lively Ballard, Fremont and downtown. YOUR ROOM Your room has a Queen sized Sealy Posturpedic mattress, which is so comfortable you won't want to get out of it. You have a dresser at the foot of your bed so you can unpack your suitcase and feel at home. Your private bathroom has a shower, a large open countertop and a skylight for natural light. Next to your bed you also have a large walk-in closet with lots of hangers. The internet here is on a business connection, so it's very fast and never drops. LOCATION  When you're ready to venture, there are abundant choices nearby sure to entertain eveSophistication and comfort in the hottest part of the Fremont neighborhood just 5 minutes from downtown Seattle with convenient bus access! Just blocks to some of Seattle's most up coming and popular restaurants. Welcome to Sea to Sky's sophisticated, brand new, green-built townhome. Located in one of the hottest areas in the Fremont neighborhood surrounded by popular restaurants, shopping, and a local grocer. Everything you need is at your doorstep. Downtown is a mere 5 minutes by car or 15 minutes by bus. Spend your day downtown hitting the tourist sites then come home and relax before stepping out to some of Seattle's most up and coming restaurants just blocks away. The main floor provides an open floor plan with plenty of room for everyone. Relax in the sunny living room with floor to ceiling windows. The kitchen features everything needed to create gourmet meals including gas stove and double oven! The dining area is conveniently located in the great room, making it easy to serve Our apartment is bright and airy and a modern addition to our neighborhood of craftsman homes. Locals call Fremont 'The Center of the Universe', and you can easily access the whole city without a car from here -- That is, if you ever want to leave ;) We take pride in the quality of our accommodations and the hospitality we provide to make your stay easier and more enjoyable.  Whether you need a lot of help or prefer to be left alone, we're excited to make your stay perfect. Questions? Just ask Our apartment is brand new construction with tasteful, modern finishes.  We've decorated the space to give you some Seattle flair, and ensure you feel comfortable and at home while staying with us. We designed this space to have everything you need for a weekend, a week, or longer.  Cook your own meals in the full kitchen, throw a load of laundry in while you go explore, unpack your bags into the large closet, relax with a large HD TV, get some rest in a supportive queen, all in the comfort, convThe extremely comfortable sleep number California king with down comforter with Restoration Hardware duvet. Bedroom is located on main level of the house right next to the bathroom with great morning light. Vintage, modern 1910 craftsman with dark exposed wood beams in the living and dining room. 2 of the bedrooms are located on the main with the ONLY bath in the house. The other bedroom is located in the basement, which is occupied by my roommate Marshall.  Your room comfortably sleeps 2 in the California King with fresh linens,  Restoration Hardware Duvet and pillows.. Please be mindful that the room is small aside from the bed, lots of luggage isn't ideal for this serene room unfortunately.  Included in your stay: -towels and linens -coffee or tea (if you take milk please let me know what kind) -wifi -shampoo/conditioner  -hair dryer (available upon request)  Please note that we live off a main street and it can be loud in morning when people start commuting. If you are sensitive toPrivate 2 bedroom retreat in the heart of Fremont. Stay in and relax or go out and enjoy the neighborhood where Lake Union, Burke Gillman trail, tons of restaurants, bars, shops, and the Sunday market are just a few blocks away. Walking Score 97/100. The house was built in 1906 by the Seattle Lumber Company and is a split level with a first and second floor apartment. The first floor was recently renovated to be an air bnb rental and includes 1 medium and 1 small bedroom with queen mattresses in each, a large living room with pull out couch for additional guests, sliding glass door with private deck, fire place, full kitchen with all the pots and pans to make a feast, bathroom with full bathtub. We have a lovely canoe with a cart to wheel it the two blocks to Lake Union for a day on the water. There is a $25 rental fee for the day and it does need to be coordinated with us to make sure it is available. There are also canoes and kayaks for rent close by at The Northwest Outdoor Center aThis is a private suite with bedroom and bathroom accessed with its own outdoor entrance and closed off from the rest of the house.  Basically it's like a nice hotel room for ½ of the cost.  The suite is perfectly located in “Freelard" which is walking distance to the great commercial districts of both Fremont and Ballard and a few miles north of Downtown Seattle.   You can get pretty much anywhere in Seattle with a $10 Uber ride. This is a ground floor bedroom in our townhouse with it's own on-suite bathroom.  The house is set off the street so it's quite and private.  Guest enter the suite by going through the gate to our landscaped backyard and entering the suite through the locking slider door. The suite features: Real Queen Bed w/ high quality linens and down comforter On-suite bathroom with shower 32 Inch TV with Cable High Speed Wi-Fi Mini Fridge Keurig Coffee Maker Full Size Closet While well appointed this space is small and intended for one or two adults.  The suite is a pet-Vacationing in Seattle? Traveling for business or visiting friends in the city? Live like a local at City Haven. Centrally located between the popular Fremont, Green Lake and Wallingford neighborhoods and just a 5-10 minute drive to downtown Seattle.Come stay at this 2014 Northwest Green Home Tour 'Audience Choice' Award Winning Property! Gorgeous, just-built, urban chic Studio Loft in a backyard cottage located between the highly coveted Fremont and Ballard neighborhoods, complete with exposed beams/high ceilings, high end flooring and designer fixtures, chef's kitchen, in-unit washer/dryer, sleeping loft with queen bed, balcony and private patio areas, and sunset mountain views.    Amenities include a bottle of wine and all you can drink Seattle coffee! The main bedroom area is designed as a loft area with open access to the living space below. You access the queen bed in the loft via the ladder stairs seen in the photo. There is also a very comfortable and custom Queen pull-out couch made by Crate and Barrel. The loft comfortably sleeps 4 people between the two beds, but is ideal for a couple or a single person.  Kitchen is fully outfitted with Cusinart pots and pans set, chef's grade kitchen utensils, wine glasses and even winAn one-bedroom apartment in the top level of my house, just a short walk from Fremont, The Center of the Universe.  You'll enter the unit via a large beautiful deck with views of Olympic Mountains.   A clean, uncluttered look is what you'll find. Enter via the big back deck which has views of the Olympic Mountains and sunset.  Once you enter the unit through the "hobbit door", you'll find a clean and uncluttered space to enjoy a peaceful evening after a day of exploring or working in our wonderful city.  You'll usually find some local beer or chocolate in the fridge to welcome you. The upper unit is a self-contained apartment, which you enter by traveling up stairs on the right(east) side of the house.  The deck and apartment are all yours!  I also have a couple extra bicycles - if you are interested let me know and I can set you up.  Seattle, Fremont and Ballard are great to explore on bike! I live in the home right below the apartment, so I am usually available if you have any questiOur cool loft apartment offers a convenient location next to the center of the universe, Fremont! One bed and bathroom with a full kitchen and within walking distance to amazing restaurants and grocery stores. Truly a great find in the city!! This historic building houses a converted storefront into a one bedroom industrial loft, with large open living spaces. Two blocks from Lake Union and the Burke Gilman trail, and less than a half mile from Gasworks park. The apartment is street level with an industrial like kitchen and more than enough space to accommodate your needs. The main bedroom sleeps two people on a queen size bed, and we also have a luxurious queen size cot with an air mattress on top (it's seriously really comfortable) that fits nicely in the open floor space. Our apartment is only a short 4 block walk to the “Center of the Universe", also known as Fremont. With farmers markets every Sunday and beautiful Lake Union only two blocks away, this loft is ideally positioned foEnjoy the excitement of Seattle and city life in a quiet and green retreat at the Center of the Universe- Fremont! Charming and pristine pied-a-terre in the midst of our beautiful and private garden.  My priority when traveling is a super clean and comfy bed so that's the centerpiece of the cottage.  With lots of windows that look out to the garden and skylights above you it's a dreamy place to relax.  You have a private deck to sit below the big apple tree and read with a cup of tea....just steps from a path along the canal to 'downtown' Fremont with its dozens of restaurants, ride the bikes over to Ballard and all of it's great restaurants and shops, or the bus stop and 10 minutes to downtown Seattle. We have two 'beach cruisers' for your riding enjoyment down the bike path.      The bathroom has been described as European style- it's a small tiled room with shower, toilet and sink, white and clean.  Unlike in Europe, it has both a window and a fan for ventilation!  The water heater A clean and simple mother-in-law across the street from Fremont's wonderful neighborhood coffee shop, Lighthouse Roasters.   Our large basement studio has a great, higher quality futon (sleeps 2), full bath with excellent shower and a kitchenette. A clean and simple mother-in-law basement studio in a 1908 Craftsman home in the Fremont neighborhood.  Easy access to coffee shops, restaurants (walking 5 minutes) including the famous Paseo cuban restaurant and restaurants like Roux, Rockcreek, Via Tribunali Pizza. Also 10 minutes from a small but well-stocked market. Also, bus stop 1 min away on corner with buses running to University District, Downtown and Ballard Guests will be able to access the mother-in-law via a door on the side of the house. Let us know if you need any local information - we're happy to provide tips and information Located at the top of Fremont neighborhood/up against Phinney Ridge.  Easy access to coffee shops, restaurants (walking 5 minutes) including the famous PSpacious 1 bedroom: private 3/4 bathroom, Queen bed, Wi-Fi, modern & new home , walk-in closet, sunny room. Fremont close to everything you would want. QUIET, COMFORTABLE & CLEAN. Free parking. Host chosen as 4 time Airbnb "Superhost!" New, modern, clean, quiet and no clutter, yet very comfortable. Your room is upstairs on 2nd floor. Residential neighborhood close to everything great about Downtown Seattle and the Seattle area. Neighborhood walkability score of 91 out of 100. House is 5 blks from Wallingford and Fremont proper; Ballard and Queen Anne are next door. Short 1/2 block from direct bus to downtown Seattle, Space Needle, UW, Seattle Pacific U., a large Shopping Center, etc. Other buses, close to other destinations. High quality beds and cotton linens and towels, plus soap and shampoo are provided. Tea and coffee are provided in main kitchen. Control own heat in your room. If a another person in room, there is an extra long twin futon available for $15 per night. Please let meThe townhouse is conveniently blocks away from over a dozen of Seattle's quirkiest bars and trendiest restaurants. After jaunts around the neighborhood, rest and recover in the spacious master, enjoying commanding views the city and Mount Rainier.       Seattle's most elegant and romantic little Inn, Chelsea Station Inn B&B has penthouse sized lodging with all the comforts and attention to detail that will keep you smiling throughout your stay!    Each suite is 900 square feet of luxury ! Each suite is 900 square feet of luxury and elegance!  Come stay with us ..we love the company! Please see more information at our website: www.ch(URL HIDDEN) We are a phone call away…. (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN) Chelsea Station Inn is walking distance to the Fremont, Phiney Ridge, Green Lake and Wallingford neighborhoods; the Zoo, rose garden and Woodland Park are across the street; and you are on the best bus lines and driving routes to the Pike Place Market, Downtown, and the University District, yet our Inn is quiet and peaceful ! Super easy by bus or driving ! Each suite's kitchen is coffee ready with Nespresso machine, French Press and coffee (URL HIDDEN) well as the selection of teas… If you need and extra relaxation we have a hot tub for twThis lovely apartment is located on the lower level of our home in a quiet Fremont neighborhood. Perched on a hillside, the yard offers views of the canal, Ballard Bridge, the Olympic Mountains and Mt Rainier.  Our recently renovated apartment is perfect for a weekend get-away or long visits with nearby family and friends.  It offers a private entrance, living/dining area, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom.  From the French door entry there is a territorial view of the Ballard Bridge with the Olympic Mountains beyond.   Inside the living area is cozy with a leather love seat, TV, and dining table. The kitchen has custom cabinetry, new appliances and is fully equipped for cooking on a gas stove. The bedroom is large with a double bed and table for study or projects. The bathroom has a shower, no tub.  Just out the entry is a small outdoor covered sitting area. The shared back garden has views of the mountains, a patio and a barbeque tucked into a grape arbor; pre-arranged private time is avOur rare for its location, 2 bedroom and 1 bathroom craftsman style home is located in the heart of Fremont. Just a couple minutes walk to find out what all the fuss is about. In a land ruled by condos, it's hard to find a house and a cute one at that, to rest your weary head. This craftsman style home was completely redone inside by the owner who built custom craftsman homes. There is a large yard to enjoy some city nature in, and everything in Fremont is only a few minutes walking distance. This home is in the heart of Fremont, one block south from the beloved troll under the bridge. Walk to PCC for some groceries or a quick bite, check out the Fremont Library, walk the Burke-Gilman Trail (or run it, depending on your idea of fun), and grab a bite to eat before checking out the shops -- or taking a tour of Theo's Chocolate Factory for dessert. This listing will comfortably fit 4 people. There is a queen bed in each room. No sharing. This house is a private home so you will have complGet anywhere in Seattle quickly from this great central location!  Located in Fremont, you can access Downtown, Ballard, Wallingford, Capital Hill, UW, all within minutes from the house. Plenty of beds, this house is great for large groups or small. The space is well suited for large groups and families that need adequate sleeping arrangements.  This home come equipped with 6 Full sized beds, and 4 twins.  The living space is not massive, but between the main floor and the basement, it can certainly accommodate large groups. Directions to access the house will be provided prior to your arrival, and you will have access to the full house. We will be available 24 hours a day, but try to leave our guests to themselves as much as possible.  We are happy to help anytime, and if you need anything, or if you have any special requests prior to arrival, we would be glad to accommodate. This house is central to any neighborhood you'd like to explore. Fremont, Ballard, and Wallingford just to namComfortable and clean, this lower level suite has a private entrance, fully equipped kitchen and full bath. Walking distance  to coffee shops, restaurants and local grocer.  Public transportation is a block away. A lush, private garden path leads to the entrance of this newly renovated studio suite, with fully equipped kitchen and modern full bathroom. Kitchen has fridge, gas range, oven, dishwasher, coffee maker, toaster, microwave, dishes, and utensils. Sleeping area includes comfortable queen bed, dressers, armoire, pillows, and linens. Washer and dryer available by prior arrangement. Access to suite is through private entrance from garden in back of property. We want to ensure our guests are comfortable and get the most out of their Seattle stay.  We are happy to advise on the best food and activities in the neighborhood and Seattle at large.  We live upstairs and can be easily reached. Upper Fremont is a vibrant neighborhood that offers a little bit of everything. Just 7 blocks frThis 2 bedroom, 1 bath garden-level apartment in Fremont features large windows, a full kitchen, and a private outdoor space. Also known as the "Center of the Universe," Fremont is a vibrant, creative neighborhood. The Space This 2 bedroom, 1 bath garden-level apartment in Fremont features a full kitchen, 1 dedicated parking spot and potential for 2 (just ask), washer and dryer, and a private outdoor space.   The Neighborhood Also known as the "Center of the Universe," Fremont is a vibrant, creative neighborhood.  It's home to several award-winning restaurants, cafes, bars, breweries, and music venues.  Other popular spots in the quirky neighborhood include the  Fremont Sunday Market, Fremont Troll, and the Theo Chocolate factory tour.  Take a short bus ride, drive, or bike ride along the Burke-Gilman Trail to UW, Downtown, Wallingford, Ballard, and Greenlake/Woodland Park Zoo.  Getting Around Fremont is a great location for visitors looking to explore Seattle and for those in town forCharming urban home with rustic cottage feel. Enjoy and relax! My home is your home! Enjoy the living room, bedrooms, kitchen, and bathrooms. I do live in the house when I am not renting, so please treat my personal belongings with love & respect. Thank you! No access to laundry Deb, the cleaning lady & caretaker, will be in and out of the main house to do laundry for the cottage during your stay. She is wonderful!Adorable private studio nestled in one of Seattle quaintest neighborhoods and just up the street from Lake Union! Located on top floor with shared access to stunning roof deck! Roof deck has views of Lake Union, Skyline, Space Needle, Mount Rainier! The studio is filled with beautiful original art I have collected over many years. The entire space is yours! The building's communal roof deck is on the same floor as the apartment - walk down the hall to the magnificent outdoor space where you can grill your dinner and gaze at Lake Union and Mount Rainier. I will meet you when you arrive, and then will leave you with your privacy. From the apartment it is an easy walk to the heart of the charming Fremont neighborhood as well as bustling Wallingford. The Fremont/Wallingford neighborhoods are among the most colorful in Seattle!  Fremont Brewery, Lake Union, and the Burke-Gillman Bike Trail are all just a few blocks away. Rent a stand up paddle board, sip wine in an Adirondack chair at WestwOur charming home in fabulous Upper Fremont is a Classic Craftsman w/ 3 BR and 2 BA, fully updated systems, original woodwork, great art, & comfy beds. Light filled cook's kitchen with big  deck & BBQ. It is mere steps to a grocery market, restaurants, 3 cafes, public transportation & the Woodland Park Zoo. This is a classically beautiful Craftsman home with modern updates. If you have extra guests, we have an apartment on the ground floor that is available. You can view it at https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/6516775 For families, we are close to the Zoo, Greenlake and all that Fremont and Wallingford offer. For eating out, we are within blocks of Restaurant Roux (Cajun), Paseo (famous Caribbean Sandwiches), Rock Creek (Seafood), Via Tribunali (Pizza), Uneeda (Burgers), Pecado Bueno (Mexican) and Ha! (American bistro with bar). Further down the hill in Fremont, there are many more choices. For coffee there are three cafes: Cafe Vita, Lighthouse Roasters or Vif, a coffee and wine bar with gFrom the deck of this quaint little apartment you can see Lake Union and on a clear day you can see Mt. Rainer!  Enjoy downtown Fremont, Gasworks park, the Troll and the Burke Gilman Trail; all within just minutes of walking! This one bedroom apartment (Hippy Shack) is designed for rest and relaxation for 1 to 3.5 guests. For sleeping accommodations there is one bed, one full size (very comfy) couch, and a deep love seat perfect for small children.  The interior is designed in what my friends call, "Hippy Grandma." There is plenty of space for doing yoga; feel free to put away the coffee table as it folds up and hides behind the bookshelf. In the living room there are tons of books, art supplies, and some board games. There is a full kitchen and cookware to be used. Please note that there is limited counter space (it is a one person kitchen). I have the space set up where the office can be transformed into a second dinning area that over looks Mt. Rainer from the side kitchen or have aOur 2BR/1 bath home in Fremont's most fun neighborhood has a light filled back yard, 12 ft bedroom ceilings, and a stocked, organic, industrial-style kitchen. Perfect for families with young kids: fully loaded toys, games and puzzles. 1200 ft2 2BR, 1 Bath farmhouse with a large, terraced back yard. Perfect for a family. Enjoy everything Fremont has to offer (Theo chocolate, so many cafes, Burke Gilman trail, Fremont Fair, Sunday market and more), or simply relax. Our house is your house. We live here, so have all the basics: fully equipped kitchen, semi-stocked pantry, wifi, outdoor deck and grill, a garden, street parking, lots of toys and puzzles and art / craft supplies for young kids. We make every effort to be on site to meet our guests when they arrive, to walk through the house and answer any questions. If we can't, we'll provide detailed check-in instructions. We communicate with guests shortly after they arrive, in case anything's missing or off, and are responsive during guesIn the true spirit of AirBNB this unit is available when I am traveling.  Great views of the Cascades and lake union.  Easy Access to:  UW, Downtown, Greenlake, South Lake Union, Seattle Center. The building is older (1970's) so not the modern luxury places popping up around Seattle.  Lots of light in the unit, and a great balcony where you can see the lake, Cascades, and downtown on clear days.   Kitchen:  Fully equipped kitchen and you can help yourself to staples like cooking oil, spices, butter, etc.  Coffee maker with coffee provided as well.   Bathroom:  Small but efficient space with a shower and tub.   Living Room:  Couch and nice chair.  40" Sony HD TV with full Cable (HBO too), Roku with Netflix, and of course Wifi.  Power strips throughout for charging ease! Balcony:  Great to sit outside and enjoy the view!  Pick some herbs if you would like for cooking, or just enjoy a coffee outside in the morning. Full unit access with dedicated closet space for guest items, EXCEPT no acOf the Tree & Clouds' "Roots" apartment is 8 blocks from Fremont's center and a hop to downtown Seattle. It's 620 square feet & sleeps 4. The décor has been lovingly agonized over. Kids are very welcome! It's 1 of a trio of Airbnb apartments. The 1-bedroom, ground-floor Roots apartment is approximately 620 sq. ft., with almost 9' ceilings, a working fireplace, and exposed beams. Details include exposed beams, Spanish cast brass chandelier, and a keypad for hassle-free arrival and departure. It sleeps 4 with 2 in the bedroom on a queen bed, & 2 on the almost-queen sofabed in the living room (5" narrower than a queen, same length).  There's a full kitchen with a Keurig K-Cup coffee maker. The living room has a desk with a few supplies for business needs. The queen bed has 4 drawers, one holding extra linens. Sheets are all quality 100% cotton. It also houses the washer/dryer and has enough room for yoga. The speaker is a Bose SoundLink Mini Bluetooth. The bathroom is accessed through theOur 3BR/2BA house boasts incredible views of the Olympic Mountains and Salmon Bay, plus lots of modern style! We're just a walk away from the zoo and Fremont Sunday Market, and convenient to University of Washington and bus lines. Our 3BR/2BA house bright, stylish, and wheelchair accessible. With breathtaking views of Salmon Bay and the Olympic Mountains beyond, it's the perfect perch for your Seattle visit. Great dining, shopping, and attractions are just steps away!  INSIDE THE HOUSE The main living and dining space, furnished in attractive Danish Modern style, enjoys a panoramic view of Salmon Bay and the Olympic Mountains. Relax over coffee in the living room, with a decorative original mid-century fireplace. Fantastic views continue into the dining room, which accommodates up to 8.  As for cooking, you'll find everything you need in the fully equipped kitchen, complete with stainless steel appliances, lots of counter space, and a kitchen bar that seats 2. Venture downstairs for th800 square foot 1 bedroom basement apartment with a fantastic view of Portage Bay.  The apartment is in a single family home with it's own outside entrance.  Large one bedroom has a queen bed plus another fold out queen in living area. This space has a great view of Portage Bay with all of its marine activity.  Located just 5 minutes from the University of Washington, and just 10 minutes to the Amazon campus and downtown Seattle.  The Burke Gillman trail is  very close, and it's a 20 minute walk to Husky Stadium. The unit has its own outside entrance, and there is space in the driveway for off street parking .  Currently there is limited outside space but there will be a new deck in Spring of 2016.  There is a small landing with a gas barbecue. We will try to meet you when you arrive and we are always available by phone or tex The neighborhood is a quiet oasis that is close to all the activities in Seattle. Uber and Car2go are good options in Seattle. There is a bus stop 2 blocks away Very comfortable lower unit. Quiet, charming mid-century neighborhood with amazing views of Lake Washington. Easy access to Seatac airport, downtown or Bellevue.Cozy studio condo in the heart on Madison Park on Lake WA! Just steps away from shopping, restaurants, and minutes away from downtown Seattle. Come relax on the balcony and enjoy the stunning views of Lake WA along with the convenience of tons of amenities just steps away! Fully furnished unit to accommodate most needs. We have made every effort to make sure your stay is comfortable as can be.  Absolutely no smoking and no pets.  Space Features: Complimentary wireless internet. Cable w/Xbox one blue ray player. Modern bathroom with spa like shower. Fully equipped kitchen w/toaster, microwave, stove oven, fridge, kurig coffee maker. Pots, pans, silverware, cups, glasses, dishes, prep tools, wine and can opener. Cleaning supplies, sponge.  Balcony with table and chairs overlooking Lake WA.  On main level of entrance . Eating bar space. Hotel like queen size bed with comfortable linens. Own parking space.  Tall dresser Closet Lock box located on the railing to the right of the building. CAll hardwood floors, fireplace, 65" TV with Xbox One, elevator opens to the apartment (takes a key). A porch with a charcoal grill, king size bed, parking. 10 minutes walking from Fremont, 10 minutes walking from Queen Anne. While we are away, our family will be around to help. Also our puppy will be boarded away.